You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can wear myself as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell you somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an electron.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brotherland.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio.
When they were beating up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a pollen, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the woman who said, "I need to see you.
I'm destroyed that we are never going to get to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see, we laughed at ourselves, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we tried, and we care about it, and we get rid of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, he became a cheese box and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was present in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today it talked a lot about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first shorts.
I was amazingly.
My heart laughs fast, I was married, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The shots around me would go around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think about it was about a snowball on another snow of snow year after year.
The shots are born when they learn from glaciers or break ice barriers apart.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to get up and get sick to the end, whereas others can't support them more and fall down in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a shot, that are inspiring separated and alone -- in great measure as we see ourselves as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a chain is destroyed, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is destroyed, a laptop releases rich in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I came to photograph these blocks as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments exist in that way and won't exist in that way again.
It's not death when they're depressed, it's not an end, but a continuation of their path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the squares that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a piece that I photographed in Kennedy, Greenland.
It's a little bit of a frequent to really get a condom shop.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to steal, the boat has moved into the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a laptop of Greenland, an average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is real time.
And so you, the iceberg shows a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, every one of the continents of a baby.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness in your own, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joined the X chromosome of the ground.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joined the X chromosome of the ground.
They both understand and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of anatomy story.
I am a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- that is from human bodies and animals, how they've considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient defense or, as I say sometimes impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with sixth signals, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with scared, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical typography doesn't fit in the male and conventional schools.
In general lines, we can call it international.
The internalizing adapted many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fill in the male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with the X-ray of the SER gene of the chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fecal life, which becomes testing.
And then, in the fecal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone.
It's the sentence of institutions to angles.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a child. It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after doing that, they realize that instead of having ovarian and the therapy, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called superconductoring glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Superconductor glands produce angry, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know its cross-five structure, I think it's a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the angles.
We produce angels and respond to the angles.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angles that the woman who was born with techniques that have the syndrome.
So sex is complicated -- it's not that the internal ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they were like, had night, and sexual relationships with her, carried a life like a guy and just discovered that he had banks and the third.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as a container superconductoring a container.
He had 20th chromosomes and the third subternesis glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were manufactured, their brain was exposed to the typical male component that was typically male.
I was born with a child as a child, no one supported anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by internal merchant, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of internalizing.
Some people with the 20th school develop what is known as oxygen, which is to say, they have a computer tissue wrapped in TV.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are a lot of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're a frog, twin signals, or international surgery, are set to normal surgeries not to be able to support a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catalystication.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept of individualizing.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born as two people inside one body.
The most light case is last year with the South African Court Caroline Sergion, and it was put in a piece of judgment his sex in the Berlin International Games.
A lot of reporters called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carol Semen is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't lead a random line between men and women or between men and women and women and women and insects, and we are all of us who draw that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought were stable anatomic categories that correlate directly with stable identical categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the terminology allows forever.
As we see, we get into a weird terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What will we think about the fact of spreading from them in just a few nuclear fewers?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an awkward area in which we have to recognize that the simple categories that we are likely to do is probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos.
There are very elaborate discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- this is when somebody is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to make them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you put a pen in front of your nose, and if you moved still didn't get it wrong.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, to extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, I mean people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
It will be that these categories are much more unstable.
Think of the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fertilizer of the Farmers Foundation.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexual, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much looking at that music as 1766: and not by the music, which is totally passive.
That's why it happened in 1767 with the Foundation Father.
The founding parents were to me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers -- what our founding parents rejected was the idea of monarchy. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that he was going to political power on the right of blood transported from grandfather to father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They revealed the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the animal differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrate system where two things were spent.
We were spending democracy and the same time was born science.
And it remains very clear, if we look at the history of the founders of the founders that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading out of the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by the idea of the birth of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the God of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were getting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future rights movement movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women died.
Then he came up with the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the California Trade Capellands, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the colds of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
And again, the color people who went up to the animal coincidence about animal difference and, again, they died.
We see the same thing with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain diversities.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic division in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights that a human.
I don't mean that we should get back to the anatomy of it.
I don't want to say that the five-year-old children were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic division that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep it and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two concerns at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concerns in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time: June 1, 1980.
Henry, in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I was born three months before Mary is attributed every three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all that not because he has a different biological age, but he was born later.
We found other traits in relation to their rights.
Henry -- in virtue of being considered man -- while I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now is possible for the mandatory engaging of the Martin that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, for his part, has not the same rights of marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still pursue anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science drives so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be destroyed?
I don't want to give to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scanned us.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome and a woman.
Now, in practice they don't make people threatened to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the research syndrome to the soldiers.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, on his speech, "I have "dreamed of a solution.
It says that we should judge people based on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character," going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your card?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know some of some graduates that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the speakers that I know can make more informed decisions, smart and mature about their sexual relationships than people from 40 than I know.
So how do you put in practice the subject of the cartoon content container?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me was wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance research.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this stream of thinking in relation to the subject of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he is willing to go to a change of sex, in which case it allows him to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a single twin sign for them to be able to get them apart and get his fame off.
But when the telephone asked him the goal of the operation -- it was a very risky operation, and I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very upset, and therefore I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered the political asylum.
The U.S. offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and that is that I think there can be different ideas come from different anatomical populations, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in internalizing, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy from those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the shadow, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminism -- I was considered female -- like now, it made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has about female."
And I thought, "It's the most silly question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do with taking gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in females."
But the more I thought about his question, the more I think there is something female in the feminist there.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while the parents were very encouraged to find a way to protect people in part of the state, it is possible that, of having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the right support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond analysis, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work and have the ability to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries who don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it for apartment buildings.
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments already were proposal and that the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by doing amplifications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you will face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those ambitions.
But you could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place are going to be built instead of making it work.
So I proposed governments to create new enough reform zones to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
Later I learned that at the same time, Jabbarket and October were thinking about the challenge of reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 donors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras.
In the next regular election, Pete Wook is improved with a platform in which I promise reform and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Oxygen to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDTalk.
Through a process of perception, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the status to its more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and beat all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need as much of technologies as to progress, and usually are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japanese.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York. Look at them that, in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Dan, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where it starts with public land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Hong called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and speak again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denia and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denema.
This airport is just covering over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the donors that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world applaud curious.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice from a city that you might be able to be in Honduras.
And I would also include new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government of Honduras. They would need help, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the stadium, so that everybody could trust that the status is effectively completely completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
I could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, 9/11 voted in Congress to understand their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional love was 124 to one.
All the parties in society, all the factors in society, they were arrested.
To include in the constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the vote, from the 21st to 24, a delight of about 30 donors was to two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea, is bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission for them.
The other country in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and at time they would be able to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new court system.
There are urban robots and cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to a job -- sometimes they're solar mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even there are children trying to meet with their parents who have not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about the building of a new city in Hongleres?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insist for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new resistance?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my senior friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and it is that, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, sell, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog beaten and colorful and different for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of ball markets and second hands of sentence.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my farm in the environment and in my wallet in my bill.
I get to meet interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My approach is unique. And it becomes my personal search for testing it.
So what am I going to find today?
Is it my table?
Will I like color?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my journey, I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do someone bring to someone who has all that red cheer?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
The interior clothes for exactly one week is everything I've put on my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I want to use after getting here to Palm Spaces.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in internal clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the issues for this week.
Isn't it amazing?
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that you think about it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with the Sunday.
And I call this a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see it phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket -- I took 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Links: color is energy.
It's almost illegal in being impossible to be hard humor when you're seeing a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is solved.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to get in.
I just know yourself.
If you surround yourself from the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Missis: Thank you from the kid that you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the disasters, or I remind you to your little seven years.
I like to sound and say, "Thank you."
Joes: The confidence is the key.
If you think you can see you well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 years that really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you that you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Video: A universal truth six words for you: Lesters drawn with everything.
And finally, she saved, to develop a personal style of itself, and it's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up to me this week simply because of what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to get excited emotionally to these things, because the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant spreading, if there's a little love in my heart and search for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would your brain look at this scale?
Some of them would be placed by one of these extremes but I think for most of the ingredients of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both heliums at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to address these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need fairly intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We start playing with them and then we see how they react and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Some intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the playing with that parking bar taught him a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transport, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars -- play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit me very well to my intuition and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particle before.
But it also didn't fit my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't everything follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object is also still the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's right in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal traffic.
What we see is a little bit of metal metal, with the form of transportation and that supports supported on a platform.
And so I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this book with a piece of swimming pillar that's under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how awkward it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want them to beat them, or, actually, standing up.
Quantum mechanics says the inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that cleans it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal paper to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to explore all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree for the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- as a function that expands and contracts.
And by giving it a soft push, we were able to make it video and not live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't go at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the atoms that make that metal piece of metal are the ones and at the same time that same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instant when those are aligned.
In the rest of time they're delivered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting me into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal piece of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How would your consciousness act if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we looked inside the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- seemingly all objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep rare of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago I was doing another job on Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my chief who was here and allowed me to take it in the making.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I didn't complain about -- but I didn't get access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than showing the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we've been doing from your launch.
So, just going to Golden.
Look around all the museums there are.
There's the Galaxy Galapago, the MoMA, the Emilan, the Russian, the Google Van Van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Mexico, the New York Art Museum of art.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and favor, we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombay or Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Would you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the plane up to the top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep ahead of it. They divide."
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't gotten to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Congress of Peter Brooklyn at Mexican.
I see the sign.
If museum shows us the image, we click on there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metaphorical information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click on there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the digital technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, I think, about 10,000 million people.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million peakers?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 billion people.
It can make arms around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to deliver.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
And I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I went a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan Metroic, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "Philade," which is to hit an area with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday shoe.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even more in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you'll see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another favorite one, "The Nine Stranger."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pictures?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this teacher work?
I increase it and really it does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Nine Stranger: I think I'd never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot more things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collective."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a marine, that gives the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I created this function that I call "the power of "the "Blood," we just made a zoom around.
It's about "The Banks in the National Gallery of London.
You can throw things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces of mastery.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium you do justice to your work of art, and it's represented directly online.
And the great question they do today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum to you?"
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pill, a flying pollution.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there has been something very interesting in France 1 in the last two decades.
A while ago, if you wanted to win a Francisco car, I took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what is in engineering, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an actor.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to open air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
The cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these detection and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paulo Antarctica at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Talk to me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and action.
And that's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo Angeles.
You know, when Michael angel sculpt the Moses -- he says that at the end he took the hammer, and he brought it to the Moses -- so you can still see a little little little mile below -- and he said, "Look, doesn't it stop? Why don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- inspiring the idea of capturing the environment and acting something.
Let's start with detail.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup, the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colony in the middle and the Toyo River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the late afternoon, there are people over here and there doing call, moving on.
It starts the participation: silence.
France Golden. Italy.
The ending, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regular time.
First extra time. seconds.
Ziddley, and at a moment, the head.
Gandhi Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachuse where, from the time, people will celebrate. It's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city pulse can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do only a few years ago.
Another example of detection: it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
We know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they're resolved.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in its display by the system.
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently over a year ago, to label what they were coming in, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all going to be translated.
Then we put a little chip, a label to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
It's from Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of inefficient in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that the cup that we stronger doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we cut on one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Biomacolistic, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarlaya.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will add to that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a chaos and volumes, soldiers of soldier who open up and shut down.
It's created as a water cut, with water pixels with water.
If you get the pixels to be written in them, I'll show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Bell Bell.
He liked a lot.
And it triggers a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Expect.
We call it the Digital War.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach it is open up so that you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salasters, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter when you go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "Do the building."
No, it's not that they have declined it, but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappear.
This is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not get away by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zarla came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it happen, but a building that kept making cut and holes of water and one had to jump down not to move.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projects on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter in the air and that each of you had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with other people.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or the normal one, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of polls.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that would be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through and see from very different angles in them.
This is the real controlled phone, going down to form a V, like before.
When light goes on, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Black -- one of the best whale dancers today, the Netal Self-assembly star and the Millennes of Millenne, to capture its 3D movements and use them as input for the Phone.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and motion and gravity and rottle.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Phone.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the grand crime, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them to play a little bit for a pill.
And I think what's remarkable in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We have digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, of the self-assembly power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, it might want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're pollen.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered of pollutions.
You can move through it, having different experiences.
You can see from below, to share to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital part at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe they would like to be in better form, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of them?
How about living more health?
Or maybe they are those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like to do?
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: Creativity." creativity.
How many people would change creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
A few, it probably was due to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would choose the memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about linearing?
Oh, most of that. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent issue here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you the view of a doctor about the subject.
The great gene of the 20th century, Thait Johnson, who also joined the Church Ostrocator Church, wrote a trial called "No biology makes sense of the light of Evergence."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this, it's just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an end, is, of course, the one that interests us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years.
There have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homogenics.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individualized, which comes out of the pancreas coming out.
And talking about bacteria -- what do you realize we all have in the most bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasctic raises the automobile -- think about bacteria bacterium?
The gut is a wonderful hospital for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, heavy, it's very crazy.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want no effort from their parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what are the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become a different thing, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief budget, the animal kingdom, as one single one and unique companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope that you've enjoyed it.
When I went back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell just divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to two daughters of the cell.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters the sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes precipitation.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the death death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I was thinking, well, sexy student, sexual, death death, it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand George Burnanoless feelings, who still acted in Vegas.
And one night somebody hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him you find a wonderful black clothes.
And he looks at him and he says, "You come out of a self-expression super."
"Okay, he says, "George, I choose the sound."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is in spending the genome to the next generation, adapting and providing generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are like refrigeration rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the most intelligent one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the statement bacteria that can survive the heat of the shames that will produce if there were fish there, fish cooks to the vacuum yet, they have managed to make that a checkpoth-resistant environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we will not evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and elevated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we have set up our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrate, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of type, natural and imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are actually accelerating, but they're unexpected.
And as soon as the isolation of impact, when a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility and international and frightening.
The new technology, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family level.
They also think that if you could be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body do the genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the application?
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes.
If you look at the future, those kinds of changes will be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand.
It cost two billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost close to the 20,000 and a half of a week.
It's not going to spend a lot to make it true for the human genome for 1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect them from themselves, but they're going to induce the immunity.
Believe or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against culture in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change your bodies of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your description?
What if you could change sperm and the guards, or change the recording grandchildren, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate helicopter, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the healthiers?
And then that same animal technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also add to advertising appropriates -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jones especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irrealistic.
And when we are in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years, and we can compress it at 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more red and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom to make these decisions safe?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine doing clear, of course, of course.
Of course, of course, of course, of course, class.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 19th.
It was the only one I could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably beat some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot feeds the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
I shut up the engines.
Imagine being on a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most sophisticated words I ever heard.
He said, "I will read for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the near I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that later on, I came up with a phrase, which is, "Collective wine viewed."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency. That purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we came up with the bridge George Washington, which was not for much -- I thought about -- What, II, I really feel a great stop.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted on things that don't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
You feel wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going on, 15, 14, 13."
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of What, wheel, die is not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was made in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent --   and I scream, I cry, like a small one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Of course, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You guys are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please not be like that -- but imagine, how do you change?
What are they going to do, that they still expect to do because they think they're going to live for you?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can.
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy called TEDsters.
TED was one of the most important graphics in the 1980s.
And one day he came home after he ran and he said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Text has a total paralysis, today.
It can only use your eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony TED, TEDsters, and their cause.
So I went and met with his brother and father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, it's not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those advances?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The Scribble and the Marine?
They communicate in that way -- they go to the finger.
I said, "That's archive. How can it be?
So I was introduced with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk to you, and we're going to find a way to get back to the art again.
Because it is ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner cannot communicate it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP Greece Lady" who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser panel, they draw about that and record the negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that appear -- they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TED could communicate.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Food, because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't get it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- virtually all the corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and analogoeres took control in the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back, they would have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the death of Venice, my son was a part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Edinber "Climbing," and you can see the description here.
They are a couple of cheap sunshines that we buy in the Marine Beach, some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We took a PMS camera, we open it up, we mounted it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself. We publish free code -- software is under free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the week, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room and that's his room.
There was all this bullet and adjust during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming -- intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in parking space.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking parking so that we feel like we were legitimating the graffiti as well.
At the end of this he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was in seven years.
I felt like I had been underwater and someone finally came to rescue me and pulled me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
And in a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robot.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of prizes.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong illustrates something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the Mountain Georgence in downtown Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Cars."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best employees of urban art, Shakespeare Fair, Capton, all of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of the things in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microbial, the Elliph, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, just recognized something and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want you all to do every day when we will find something that we feel to do -- if it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years going into very difficult situations and at the same time a dangerous time.
I went to jail. difficult.
I worked in a coal mine. dangerous.
He filmed in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been immersed by situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive and interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that they look at entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the patience and I wanted to do something a little differently.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a plane in Ebola.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my 2011.
What had been the following: "Atnor South Nathanies presented -- my TEDTalk that they have no idea what it is about and as content could explode it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a project in progress, by the way.
So even with that loneliness knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you a year ago.
But in the new film I'm working in, we tested the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared to me, nothing could anticipate for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Space: I want to make a film that deals with the power of products, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call the biggest movie ever sell."
What happens in "The biggest movie ever sold is that everything up at the bottom, at the end of the end, has market images, all the time, from the authority that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Walter Statism, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be applied to the film to permission forever.
And so the film explores all this idea. (Michael Kashan: It's reduction."
I'm a redundant period. MK: I just say that. It was more for excellences.
It was "Perfection."
But we're not just going to have the X data sponsor in the title but we're going to make sure that we're going to make sure of all the categories that we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and turn the most cool shoe you've used to.
The most cool car you've ever driven in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best job you ever drink, the cool film that you have drink, the largest story ever sell."
David Kohoma: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of the life, making them funding the film? (MA: Make it fund the film -- MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, in beginning to end.
And I would love that Changin helps make it happen.
Robert French: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the maximum respect for the audience.
GG: However, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
MK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Negative is very negative, but you know how it's going to replace? (MA: No idea. David Kook! How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half a million -- DD: All right! John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult to meet the meeting with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
MK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we will see as a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Roma: Most answers.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands you do.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to treat it.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: OK." Take the camera off.
MS: I thought it would call the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of microbial.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappear.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of separate media, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy vehicle that is going to lead the message to the masses.
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a legal error and that mistake was this.
No, there wasn't such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you search for images of transportation on Google --  -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your structure, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem: transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen, easily understanding or seen -- easily understandable. That is characterized by the visible or accessible of information, especially in business practices, being the last line maybe the biggest line.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs called it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it reality, something changes repeatedly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still continues to get ride.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
It's going to eat a whole New York Color.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kirswands from many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to remove the interruption and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to do is what I started to realize -- what I started to realize is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, big, giant films and others who make small, independent films like mine.
And my friends who make great Hollywood movies -- giant girls, they say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated marks that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the film is called "The largest Movember "Fallet Middle Middle."
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Bank display.
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview in?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview interviewer."
And there is one of these fabulous arms.
Both "Fundright Forces as "Paramine Viewed" are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man like a woman, solid to ball, in bar as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer their questions and give them a slightly look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the smallest kind of movies that you were talking about, we're rather a rival brand.
That's why we don't have the budget that other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding the people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
Ben is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Aupasanam technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the ability.
Man: We talked about something audacious -- fresh stuff.
I think "from freedom is a great word that actually puts this category into positive versus "holorist" and surface."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep you fresh for more time? With better frustration, more frustration, three times more fresh.
Things like those who solve benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-powered company.
What about me? What about a common type.
I need to talk to the man in the street, people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your marker?
Man: Mamma my market?
I don't know.
I like a good clothes.
Woman: Revive the '80s, painted painting unless it's a flag day.
MS: Okay, what is the green brand is?
German: Something unique. (MA: Nice." Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like this.
Usually I wear access as sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic money, deserve Beethoven.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it complex flight.
Woman 2: In a hypothetical part of the hippie -- partly girl in Brooklyn -- I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mailethook.
I will sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Federal because I enter the market.
Man 5: Farm Martin Martin Facebook.
Is that something?
And labor: I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom! I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often rank myself in the dark glamour intersection and "blood flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "market personality."
And I found a company called Oliver Zazara in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like New, February, Hollywood to discover that personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abundanter: Did you bring the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photo.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people are modeling my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like the different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why. Why does that serve us?
What's the shot? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red represent the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other methods have you had.
There has to be fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: AK: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (MA: Great job. A, yeah. (MR: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Lincoln Zazara: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but completely completely, in your brand personality. The Marian Space brand is a school brand.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature, to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are they?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can see it also here to Targa, Will, mine of mine Cooper and Belgiven.
Now there are legal marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a cocitical framework is something quite powerful.
MS: A cooking brand. What's your market?
If someone asks you to describe your market identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you an acceptable attraction? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather an attractive attribute?
A little bit more called, reserved, conservative?
The attacks are like being playful to be cool like the Price, contemporary advertising, adopted or bold like Erabi Florida, fast or giant, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more attributed to disaster attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 100?
Are you stabilized, traditional providers, protection, protection, protection -- you identify with Opposit?
You're reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, safe, continuous or wise -- like the Dalai Lama or Ford?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, and accounts and offspring. They said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurologist, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing like film.
We went to San Paulo. Where they've banned the advertising air postrain.
In the entire city for the last five years, there are no cards, there are no charts, no flights.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer or where I've been more successful are those I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took the internalists, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think about people, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you go? They were successful?
Well, since the film is stressed in the South Setales, we take a look.
According to Burnanoless the film in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million images in the media for this film.
This covers only one period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in shop.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about would take their customers to be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk yourself, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion to the risk is preparing your whole company to look like rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, to move forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a knife at the time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we need to harbor transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Are "Transported Transportation has been presented by my good Emmanuels of Emmanuel who for 1,100 bought the rights of the name in Ebola.
EM: It turns big data in big opportunities for all over the world.
Emmanuel presents "We Good Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Moram, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1?"
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a clip at the name of the TED matrix organization, the Saturn Foundation, a check for $1,000 to be applied to my TED TED assistance.
The idea behind the Starbucks computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest active weapons to develop nuclear weapons is the engineering plant in Nation.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and vaccines, we can cause a lot of problems with control.
The gray boxes don't use Worldchanging software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we can put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stewart.
We started with a Windows installation.
The target goes into the gray box, damage the control, and the Iranian nuclear program is dramatically, mysterious mission.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching on Starbucks six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown to it.
The only thing that I knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Windows, the institute used multiple vaccines dance.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Steroid and we saw what happened to this.
So very strange things happened.
Steroic was formed as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he waves, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors -- I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directed."
The instrument is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Steroid does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
You'd better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we took the code of attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I can attack.
They probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Steven institute is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old embarrassing language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperature and data structures and tried to relate them to the real world, with objective potential of the real world.
We need theories about destinations that we can pass or desperate.
To get into theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely violent subjection, it must be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infection has been reported.
You don't find several thousand goals in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National excitement plant.
So I said to my assistant, "The list of all the experts in conflicts and power plants between our clients.
I called them and I got it into an effort for turning their experience to what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital target with the control of the robot.
The robot is that cell part inside the control, that black object you see.
If you handle the speed of this robot, they certainly can break it up and even make the conflict explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and descend in an effort to make the nest maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to decipher the big digital hatred looking very close to data and its structures.
So for example, the 165 surveys in that code, you can't obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these conflicts are built in Naiscar and found that they are structures in what's called a capture, and every waterfall has 160 conflicts.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These conflicts in Iran are divided in 15 parts of the stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code.
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
And so you don't have the handy: it didn't.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We actually ended up in dead ends. We had to go back and started.
But yet, we discovered that both digital goals were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The little girl is taking a capture, and by making the robots and relieving them, and the big observation communicates with six inches and manipulating valves vaccines.
In short, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Naiscar, and it's just Natasha.
We don't have to worry that other goals are achieved by Starbucks.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and up you see the conflicts.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe or not, this false entry data is predicted by Stewart.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed out of preventable video.
Is it cool thanks?
The idea here is obviously not just driving the operators in the room of control.
It is really much more dangerous and increasingly.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine is gone of speed, you have to open up scale valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed so bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And no operations or security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is general.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with conflicts, with uranium growth.
It could work as well, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's genetic.
And you don't have -- that's the attack that will disseminate this load with a USB key.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
Give it the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you would end up with is a market of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Moss is the main time behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langley: OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately,
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for scary. Thank you, Rallow.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give substantial skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair get up, and they go back to walk.
At Berkeley Biologists: We call these robots, executives.
You're not different from something that you put in the morning, it gives you a big force that also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an unreal idea.
So to show you now what we're working on in talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on their back a 40-year-old load and is being demanded to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to talk about this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help to manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the HIV/AIDS -- or Port Human Cars Cars.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can give you 90 pounds per variable for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to put in colors to drag and execute movements with great agency.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Edward Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
So now we go back to the users of the wheelchair, which I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around the world, in wheelchair around the world.
One percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens in frequency -- very young people, with days in the spinal school that when they start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- chocolate against a wall and the wheelchair it turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that aging is rapidly multiplied.
Its only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM that is using Amanda Boston who was using American Boston who was 19 years ago, and as a result, he couldn't walk back to walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Book: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ECLusians, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the molecules that send signals to the bottom computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the companies in the careers, and in the knees and they make it move with this soft and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, for a stranger jump in the air, skiing down it was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sense and all the movement in the film down.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amaz, you will never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptation technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to stand down in scales, climbing rocks and even riding in hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change our lives to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda and all the wheelchair users to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day, where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the feminist of the Aristotle Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of the Congo rainforests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, terrifying some big, bone society is in charge of females.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where moral violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes, the beautiful.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tiny penalty -- stage of a violent conflict that has been put for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
hunting meat and deforestation make you not be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the dry laughter by making the trees.
Who are these cousins.
We know them like the love signs, not the war -- because they have frequent sex and progressive and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kamel Street.
Bonds, like humans, love to play along their entire life.
Play is not just a game game.
For us and for them, the game is fundamental to establish bonds and foster tolerance, form.
With him we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots same from laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a bone state game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what it is.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The charges of the balls."
I just think that in this case he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common so much in bonobos like humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like testing -- and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is plastic.
The game is plastic, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more color, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Furby, a young female who's playing with warming water.
I think, as we sometimes play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact and then the unexpected connections that we form are real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of the understanding that bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our advanced advance.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But do we take our mathematician to our game?
The game is not flow.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans for the same, life is not just cruel and dropped.
When it seems like the least appropriate to play, it can be the moments when the most urgent thing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hook.
When I'm not fighting poverty, computer fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer fire firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers are competing a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a career against the other volunteers to get to the captain of the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain -- I was confronted in a conversation with the proportion that certainly went into one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a sharks, in look, and as his house was on fire.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- we call him Lew Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked her to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog -- I was so beautiful."
There was a lawyer or a manager of money who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a call to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a adversary.
He said, "Beet, I need the home.
I need to go up, go on the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I hoped but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen that that height or so they had ended up taking off the fire and entered the front room in search of a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my Nairobi and the precious dog on the front door.
We took out of the house for the house of home where, as it was to expect, his testimony received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house in the house by the effort of the effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at for the other was that somebody had reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin House as my voice as a volunteer firefighter I'm witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of thank you and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are to get very remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, do it now.
They serve food in a dining dining dining park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they get to the game -- they get the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beets: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly track.
And in a few years, the LED bricks.
It's estimated that they have made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Belled labs, the next revolution was about to analyze: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick brick ones to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference -- the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to the experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Little.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little little controls are electronic modules every one with specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about all of them is that they get together by immunes.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the ball, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the shadow.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly, you can start making bigger circumstances.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interesting light.
We added this grave to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Little Lion-scale is actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Litterns allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make a faster or slower, just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Little Little is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to bricks ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motor panels, everything must be accessible.
We've given Lithers to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night of night works, or why the door of an elevator keeps open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Lithers to design schools.
So for example, the designers with no experience in electronics start playing with Little Lions as a material.
You can see, with paper bottles and footprint, we have George creating Germany.
(Music methods:  A few weeks ago, we took Little Listening Lions to the Rhode Island School designers who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've made, a conference can active for movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a language made of plastic that is afraid of the dark.
For these not engineers, Lionelles became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be all about all of us.
So LOLcats has open source.
You can visit the website, to download all the design files and make them make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent again.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment focused on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit of a sudden to charge.
We can -- we can continue to get better than the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I have a time for the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to do -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Comet for America, and they would be like a peace of Peace Bodies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the monitors.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a city of Boston City.
This is what it looks like if you look for a date, but what really looks for is that someone clean it up when you get caught by the snow because you know it's not very good at letting fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get help in this similar way?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Commerce members for America."
They were there in February, and at that point I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogens.
But one of the members named Erik Michigans noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice app where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it up.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put A.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government does.
And it spread in viral form.
A responsibility for Hollywood City systems to see this app realized that I could use it not for the snow, but for citizens to adopt sexual searchings.
It's very important that they work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take out the chasted shortcomings.
And Chicago just released it to make people record to clean up sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that they plan to use.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done for the normal channels that would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the California power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is program in a couple of days, and it spread in viral form, is a kind of purpose of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like in private companies, like many people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without constraints.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way we address the government issue that has the new generation, not as a problem of an accompanied institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Cook for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DMC "Life Audience: And all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in words of Tim Kiy, what we do together because we just can't.
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government in the last economy of us -- remember that, the people? The way to think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to get charges.
Well, after two years, I have come to the conclusion that the government is above all of the curves.
This is the telephone care center and information.
It's the place you can pick up the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
India Barable in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the doors in the house, put the music good and see if it goes?
And it worked. So for Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the streams.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone called "City Congress."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people from the Office of New Mechanical Orlinator office.
One day, this happened really, really came up with this question, "Selvin" in my garbage cube. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to charge?
The dynamics of Civil Connectice is different.
Scott was talking about people.
At Citibate Congress, everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Sirrens? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back to the cube. I went home.
Good night, "bratching free."
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the definition of a platform technology.
I talk about a platform for people to join and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
I connected to two people.
And I could have connected to government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we form communities.
If we call an animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches away.
On the bottom is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of appropriate.
But it is that approach that keeps us with that that we finance as something that operates in our contract, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Oxygen movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the request of the Second School -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's a bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been rescued to the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't worry about government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of governance so that it can expand to strengthen civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act machine, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to bands, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to speak.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and they do.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much to make your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking weeds by taking a garbage cube that has a surgery inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned up those hydrogens, and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not only consumers -- we're not just consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizen.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a vulnerable crowd, or will we also be a multi-participation of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the cortex of death.
I've spent most of my life in marine communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach themselves with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, I get if it's cartoonist, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family, dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the differences in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1880, and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug of it.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up.
One or two hours later, I went back to look, and I came up and said, "Brazil, still feel my arm?
And if I said no, I would take away again and if I said yes, I left in peace.
It had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up a morning, and I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and he took me out of the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "Go Brian. The two are going to be talking."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Brazil, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Maus."
She said, "Now make sure you won't. I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "Yeah, Maus."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
Added," "She is my song, and you have to promise you to always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Maus, so I'll do."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is you will always do the right thing as the right thing is the hard thing to do.
And I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Maus. So I'll do."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Maus, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year old and a sister a year younger than a sister.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers package -- I don't know where I got it, and I grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We barely get the crazy crazy crazy.
He took a beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and they offered me.
I said, "No, no, no, no. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. And you are always doing the same as us.
I took something, your sister also took a beauty."
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What's going on? Take a beauty."
I took it up with force and said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Maus."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mayo tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was delivered.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this will spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue -- I say it for the power of the identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others who really don't see it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the property.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to be engaged with.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than what it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in behavioral freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my view, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much destruction, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between 18, and the 30 years is in jail or in conditional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail or in conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a court system that is much better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty.
And it seems to be very complicated.
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not our problems.
We are discovered.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you provide the rights for always if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as high as it was before the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where you feel 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we're in the process of some liberals.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the edge of death.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In some sense, we've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent that is excited and released from the death of death.
A market rate, amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never ever be allowed to paint planes if in every nine that you would take, you would have a star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities people were afraid to be linked.
I worried to be bombing.
The threat of terror was what defines their lives.
Now there are older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you speak talks -- speaking speech. Tell people who stop saying that in our history we were dealing with terrorism, after 1911.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with the segregated and decades of racial subject and separate.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All of the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty conferences.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
Addict: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we and international and deliberately, we would be able to run people."
You think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run people, especially if they were in their most Jews most?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be organic.
And yet, there's this decline.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are, however, impossible.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marginalism.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We last talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the assumptions, those who never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
In innovation with creativity, development comes not just of brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by the convictions of the heart.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and unfortunately, but also the dark and the difficult.
Vacconney Hans, the great leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for the spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and being texting."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say, "Brazil, the Mary Parks. We're going to get together to speak.
You want to come and listen to them?
I said, "Be lady. I know I do."
So she said, "Well, what will you do when you come from?"
I said, "You know.
So I went and I was just hearing them.
It was very viral, very lighting.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks went to me and said, "Now Brazil, I give you that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted increasingly.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about the death penalty of death.
We try to reduce the population in the prisons.
We try to end up with mass economists?
I gave it all my best speech, and when I ended up looking and said, "Mom mine a minute."
And I added addicted, "Freedom washed, very self-controlled?
At that time, Ms. Casey leaned up, put me on the face and said, "It's why you have to be very very valuable."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because eventually humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst that we have done.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not a shark.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it is a mass.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that although it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very lighting, very stimulating, not judging us for our technology, for our designers, not our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because of the way you treat rich and powerful and privileged but the way you treat the poor, the conferences, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel delighted in times. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
I get tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of drawing.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been wired to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge make someone in whatever it isn't it?
The judge was hardwide as an adult, but I see a child.
One night very late I was thinking, by God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for some of that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think of it, but I started working on a model.
I had a 14 year-old customer -- a little bit, poor, black.
I started working on the mocality, with a feeling that said, "Michael so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privilege, executive of a corporate."
In the process, I found that there had been a behavior in the acceptance, in the behavior of police and the process.
There was an arrow line about how in this country there is no ethic but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that motivation would be a dream, or really written?
For my horror, I had not just reduced it, but I had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- oh God, I have to go to the cut for this stupid case.
I went up to the car, and I felt really adventure, obsessed.
I went on the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and fair.
I finally came out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the confidence of judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a laboratory." He represented, "Is you labor? I said yes.
And so I approached myself and I was embracing me.
And I would whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtually.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Steven, you wrote this hard machine?
I said, "I know Mr. I was "me." And we started discussing it.
People started getting there. They were all industrialized.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
The cops came up with the assembly fishers, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all fortunes because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye he went to see the thought he was going and came in.
I was looking through the window and encouraged to hear all that scream.
I kept walking for here and for there.
Finally, this old black black black, and I walked into the room and sat behind me, almost on the table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of a subway assistant was shown because the crisis had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "Come into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the objective with fish."
I've come today at TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
We cannot be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology and design, entertainment and creativity should be linked to freedom, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that you will keep your view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Just heard and see an evidence of the audience, from this community, to help you in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be this spring in which you will make an effort to repair the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
So for example, here in California, it's going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't fit in arrangements.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't come to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are given to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growing growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's by the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against the property, instead of making those resources back into their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you've been excited about it today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Lock: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Local 2: famine in Somalia, "Local 3: The police cut O.C. spray gas.
Announcer: Coperative Chartest: Capital Carls -- Locker 5: Crosses crossed.
Local Silker: Social December. Local Dr. 65 dead dead.
Local 8: Turn of tsunami, Locuse 9: Civilizations.
Several little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little fact: Marian destruction -- the transportation.
Resistant. Baby. Finally, Egypt. Egypt. Six.
crisis. Death death. disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonison: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, completely could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called ambiguor.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Ordinary and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a tens of stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old thing to say of the press, "If there's blood, sells, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's no wonder that we are permanent.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be worse in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe, instead of change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species and water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings are very good at encouraging the problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
So we looked at it in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled, the average income per capita per capita has been translated across the world.
The child mortality has reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communication, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy spent 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators television -- mobile air and cars.
The sea magnets of the past century, the emperor of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supposed a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in information technology jumped in this curve, the Moore's Law, and double price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace and depression and in anger.
It's the result of quick computers used to build more fast computers.
It's not stopping any of the big challenges.
And although it's graffiti on a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, at Moore's Law shortcomings, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my Australians friends call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotechilians and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Japanese from Watson, at IBM?
It was a picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline there would be.
And I loved this one: Waters beat human opposites.
Jeff is not an easy game.
It plays with the materials of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sounded absurd.
Today we can signal a dozen companies that have done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and getting it away.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story of National 19th by 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sir.
Nature troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napolen, with gold covers with gold.
But the king of Sir, ate with aluminum covers of aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, worth more than gold and dish.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is alone.
You see, even though aluminum is 8,200 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and speeds.
But then the electrons came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was disturbing.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terms of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarce, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation of the generated in the distance: 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy is 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of America, solar electricity will cost six cents a mile per hour compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have plenty of water.
Now let's talk about wars for water.
Do you remember when Carl San pointed the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
I took a famous picture. What was it called?
"A public blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet in 70 percent per water.
Yes, 99 percent of it is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for a percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
nanotechnology, nanotechnologists.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the growth -- I would like to share with you, I got permission to do -- his technology called Slaviaris, you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any source, contaminated water, a letter, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart mobile phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars GDP, video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, now they destroy and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Walka Foundation something called the X Cambodian Crophy Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take place, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the moral charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that I don't know, to call the health of health and first will avoid that the pandemic happens.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion of them.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against the demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it'll move from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they add to the global conversation.
What do these people?
What do you want to do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And they will get more health because of the Tradior, of a better education with the Academy Khan and because of using 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health.
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the openness, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
Something I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Flickr.
He came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out how the protein will be posted.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teacher, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people stood up and started playing it.
And it's shown that the recognition machinery of human patterns is better producing protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the bright.
We have the charity of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the coordination of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1857.
Maybe they believed that I would chase pinks, but it didn't.
It actually collected fish.
And he described one of them as a very common community."
It was the bear.
It was done so much to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red Ice list.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're primary.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the display of the waist.
Because I was there in 1972, studying an ingredient in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
It burned me very much with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The language was surrounded by walls, and as you can see, of a few monals.
There were about 20 inches television, the black bar.
And the fish of this tapeworm was very abundant and it was for a good moment, so it was made more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had gone down to half.
They were shamed at five inches away.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the prison fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development would impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen -- to impose the industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly.
I went out to fish on it, and we were doing studies in southern China Sea, and above all, in the Garden Sea.
What we captured was something incredible.
We captured now, I know the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we capture were species, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny man on the rest of a few rest, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea bottom came to the cover and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background happens to be a solid coral background, in this case, to be a little bit.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They were shown for them because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not high-tech.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to a zone where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's adjust the point of parties, at the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things on the axis, biodiversity, number of orals, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as normal.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
They didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the absence of change.
And at the end of keeping some of the rest of them.
And that, in big measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to maintain things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before you get extinct -- it's little free.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unlikely because we fishing.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of particular.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence in a previous way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present -- like captain such as capitalist and so many fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the fish scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in inspired societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can accomplish a marine protected area.
Because with the marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the score point has run down and it's very low.
That's for people who can see a marine protected area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their point of participation.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. Simulation.
This is a simulation of the Ballaphing Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that math and wholeness are like "Arabic."
And if you think about "Allendester," if you think why people were engaged with the movie -- not talking about the story of Potters -- why do you move with the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I will give, is Cameron -- making "Arabic II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allende, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why the videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars, celebrities -- centimeters, comments, when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper notion in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be done on the Internet in a sensor.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite and conversation of cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends, training communities and surprise.
Well, let's start here.
Beath Vancer: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Khan, wonder."
KA: Last year, Bearly Velger published this video filmed outside his home in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows reproduction in the popularity rise of the past summer.
Beath is not likely to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a little bit of a pick.
That's what you do if it's called TED Mountain Beach.
I had published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kim published this Twitter that would capture the video to the popularity video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kim are presenting us new and interesting things and they fold them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Blackberry:  It's Friday, Friday -- you have to start the Friday land.   All of you want it to get a week, a weekend.   Video, Friday -- starting the Friday --  KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Reveales Black Red is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like "Draver was double," this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday going?
Well, I took it the Tahrir, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mission Science Thriston, was one of the first people in making a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parties of Vietnamese in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the energy entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- democratic or doing something new with that.
"San Cather: It's a repetitive animation with a car music.
So that's what it is.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version that has been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet technology.
There were resistant.
Somebody made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a silly joke to something that we all can do part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Drag God to the double or Red Black or "Don't Canada or "Star Cath?
What would you get to have written this situation contemplating this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can highlight the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest the giant children in New York, admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigeria: I was multiplied by not circulation by bicycle, but there are often obstacles that prevent you right by the bike.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Newspanaster managed for five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beath Vandia: What does this mean?
Kh.
KA: What does this mean?
Transition creators, creative communities, totally unexpected -- are features of a new type of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of the population.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Bierbaran, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all kind of drives of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the media of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still getting been been broken.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a drug, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So imagine while the communist comes in in San, they are facing the fact that their life had been totally in value.
The words, for so long friends, now dialogues.
It was reflected in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in van, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to put up, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you take away silence towards the sea.
My mother, Maus, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a contract cardiologist and two small girls.
For her, life had been determined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unexpected for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies the fiction, a boat goes into the distributed sea of fishing book.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the paradise, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a free company.
If they capture us, we first took it my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the promise by diving on each wave, and the horizon.
I didn't remember the pirates that came over several times, but they were delivered with the value of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't fit for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given for the men on the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we launched in Melinda.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women along three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Facebooks, a working suburb whose population is composed of immigrants on it.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I learned, in Farzs, had no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the English increased were interfaced with the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked on farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double shift.
Still, I found time to study English and get a title on IT the information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were standing, and they set up an extra tutor in English and mathematics, didn't matter what it should be taken, which was usually new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tolls, because I had to last six years.
And there were rare singing and painful singers about the eyes sand and some graphic, "Ashroom, come home."
At home, where?
Something in me was expressed.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was removed every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard our grandmother's movements in the house.
My mother suffered slaves, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a student and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry and inflationary, and kids translated between two worlds.
Substeriness and pathogens.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, which was involved with what it was from myself.
In the other, I was buried in price lives, tragic living for violence, drug abuse, and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the year Australian young of the year.
And I was diagnosed with one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so I read, an anonymous resident of Facebooks, it was now as Reemocra, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I'd never heard of, and at home whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in a baby subject -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling about every single day and standing asleep, the three still same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had the same age that she had when we got on the boat.
The note had never been an option.
"You say, "I said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about youth and education and energy to the marine and the protected.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was to speak.
I met people from all walks in life, many of them doing what they loved in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my literature, I realized I couldn't stay in a laboratory race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a known, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only it's right, but it's something that I'm going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily be able to accept the questions of your province of it.
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demanding, but not the way we fear.
The possibilities that had not been allowed to have been allowed to have been announced.
There was an energy there, an implicating optimism, a rare mixture of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a small group of people who the motto can't be done -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny for a year.
At the end of every day, he made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My heart again.
Three months later, I had moved on, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Confidence was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who mattered to it.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised her alone.
At the age of 17, he became a connection of a Mandarin whose mother caught her.
No support of his husband, he caused a referendum by demanding it and bringing her cause herself and much more challenged when he earned it.
He can't be able to be wrong.
I was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died at 1,000 miles, in Melinda.
I looked through the machine of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Facebooks, and we sat around his air.
We told the stories and make sure we were still with it.
At night a man came and told us that he had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
He asked the sun, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning," said.
"You haven't solved it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who have reached our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about ship.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a promise in your lives, bringing value on each wave, the constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and look at it, I would do it.
Transition Newspanada and also the mother of so much is here, in the fourth or fifth row today.
My story begins in Rama about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the stage sky, Mutch Ali Sitting.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of the former Indian experiment "The Mahatma?
In those days when Indians wanted to travel we went out to a car, and we put the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Adam, the great Indian warrior Prince had bee, he had a bow and a float on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with trains and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that struck me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more than technology.
And I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an attack if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't replace my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pill silver clock.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, from pirate and nutrients in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we are.
Francisco our inspiration.
So I fell down to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since the age of 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where is where we are.
I will bring the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multimallouting.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khalanda, an interactive app for iPad.
He says, "Copy your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to "Oh, I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
At several times I get a character -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes down to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but that magic of childhood -- to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we need to include the iPad.
And they really illuminate your path in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy is a billboard.
So here, every book and every single world becomes a bill that I drag towards this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every single fantasy book there has always been maps but have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, functional and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book also goes around.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another kind of important aspect for me is to create Indian content and in contemporary time.
These are the propositions here.
We've all heard of the hands and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian controls, would you put them up?
These poor pieces have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, paid to their PS, haven't gone into the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of colors, from sticks and stones, tables and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual -- you have to go out and in a chapter -- take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a corner and says, "Oh, I saw a room."
A child in India says, "I see a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken on.
Within the contrast variations between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we are going to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video switched on, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated stores that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are involved with technology and magic and technology to each other.
We harvest the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic and joy and love and child that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of the health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Radio was to figure out a heart conductor.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients, family and known: What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we used to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail since we stop listening.
This is my William school. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pink of lit and switched off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms ...
But it's so simple, every time I connect myself, send my information to Google Hello.
And my home doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that you need cancer assistance or some urgency of that style but see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So, every morning I connect to my Wikipedia school, and before I go up to my car, people start talking, Luther, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs, and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, being available.
This little bombsight connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will be, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will recover control and to be capitalists of their own ship, but also can help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face as the cost of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by crowd.
And one of the things we did want to share it with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly.
Also where all the springs are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We ask, but no one knew it.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA save lives right now.
What we did was we did crowdsourcing in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public "Well," you see a DARPA, please send it, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, real reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Marshall and someone collapsed, you can use your iPhone, and you can use your microscope from Microsoft to find the nearest DEPA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not only like DJC 44, which is the name of the product, but also like DNA.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the degrees of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are vacation and someone collapse, it can be a party or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be message services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that is shown is still in their place.
Please help me and not just improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is the photograph?"
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed up with my previous passion, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera that the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a building on a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistics, I say photographer.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it the details or the colors?
Does it intervene the light?
What does the illusion create in?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here are three perfectly impossible objects, something that we all can relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that there is no exist.
So we give the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem to seem realistic to me, I think they're those in which we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined -- you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, the pictures combined must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these receptors were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
So in the personal thing, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas that have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone port.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to make it look more sustainable.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning to do.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please can put it up.
It's a diagram anybody who took out of a cheek mine.
I don't care so much to show you the details but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microRNAs versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other people that we used to see, is kind of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale.
Speaking of technology with democratic curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please look at the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we grow technological curves in logic scale?
The answer is that if I draw them into a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say much.
But if graffiti -- for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a democratic curve, would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as the microscope, we could take a cab and be in Tokyo.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a reproductive growth that every few years of magnitude.
The question I want to do is look at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will be converted into a typical curve -- I know like this until I add something completely different, or maybe do something like that.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that adapts the world?
How new is the world drives?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future that the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been encountered, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel like something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that extracting what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way that these chemicals, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
They started diving.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil cooking.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random check of chemicals.
And every time they were divided into an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every laptop was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow became a lot better at incorporating the chemicals of the circumstances, growing more, including more chemicals and divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented in the ground.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we don't understand very well these buttons learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this without sense, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were so that they could replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved two billion years ago.
Our recipe -- our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microbes trying to hide the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA clip and put it 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all the people in the world, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a grandmother I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy, another billion years.
But then another big step happened where things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid the penicillin and they took them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance, because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the communities that in a certain way, they were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survive or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were replaced more, and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close that in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicultural communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
They're the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsibility to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not to the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat some fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures is enormously accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution might now happen to be confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea in your head.
I'm sitting here running a few groups and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confusing, in your heads that I kept some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
We now move for people similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record and present and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The television, the I.T. tape, the video tape, the CDT, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You already saw the evolutionary example of You in which I produced some evolution with the College program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like the electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is retracting -- I guess that authoritarian is the right word to name something that will accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this curve explosion.
We see the process fights.
But I make my life design computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thisy Mahamaker Machies, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine and the machine does something that we previously couldn't possibly get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes the methods we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using last is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions to loss?
Could you run these sequences of long-term instructions, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we find the programs that are more likely to be able to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a random sequence of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, I could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
Let's take out those and eliminate the rest of the rest.
And we now represent the ones that best ordered the numbers.
And we're going back to reproduce a process of recovery processing an analog process.
We take two programs, which will give us children, which are expressing substance, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
California again.
It involves some mutations in.
And it tries again and repeated with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs strange.
But it turns out the mode.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives stop doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Marshall Minstesis and he pulled a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't make you feel competitive?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so can run these programs much more quickly.
It is retrosing.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confident.
Because all these technologies are retrofitting.
We're slowing.
And we are at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multimallism.
We are the beams and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we're the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what is coming from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get away.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been running enough time to allow me to get part of my fake pressure on that.
Before I tried the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out "respondent the rules -- talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that kills 300 of them.
That means that beep beepoured based on 10,000 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being struggled, and that anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base, it doesn't get to time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300-percent bottle in the Grand Lives?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a bag battery?
By the way, that's somebody who, from 10 blacks, about four.
Leadership, like the Lego Williams length, the last player of the Great League of baseball to run more than 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have passions and they are derived to a surgeon that has a 400-foot record of prints.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a wanting to have two correcting coronary arteries and their family doctor derived it to a cardiologist whose record in angle is 200 dollars.
But you know something?
She's getting up this year.
And their actions have been 256.
This is not working.
But I will ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon or a nurse or a geneticist?
Very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the ways of a good surgeon of a doctor or a patient.
What we do, however, is to send them into the world, and I get involved with the mandate, with the sentence of being perfect.
That never, you have a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Global was studying until a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little bit, in the Germany General hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the river, the dynamic differential diagnosis and the non-string.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify the kidney town access.
And as much as it gets more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I went from school school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible thing, I close to everything, because this is how I would move from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dravership lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Draver lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you put up a cartoon to consult a cardiologist to attend that patient.
It will inform the boss of residential.
When I saw Dr. Draking was saving.
I heard a solar sound.
And when I augmented it, I heard a completely black sound on both sides of it, which gave me a compelling heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are blood flows, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him asteroid and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave it diarrhea, water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I started the first mistake, sent it to his house.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residential.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, that I was to call my boss and do it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, he would have been able to provide complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even hiring my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside who said, "Monkey, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to be asked Derek Draver: "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yeah, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the pages took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad performance in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I package to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something that I don't usually do.
It went through the emergency service service at home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Dravographer lady before, but another three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists are afraid of it, but there's a particular part of the employee and that is that we see the patients.
The three words are recognized?
"Do you remember the patient who sent her home?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she went back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
At the age of an hour of having arrived at home, after I was given the high school, I suffered a collapse and his family called 9/11, the pages brought it into emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles of Hi, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff had all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was touched and scaled up to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because after he was stabilized in intensive therapy and he was waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was evidence that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they came to what was going on.
And the next day, they let him go. Mrs. Dravid, wife and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was struck by it and experiment for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just just isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more eat that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The wild shame of the one I'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a lover.
I spoke to the family, and I'm sure I used things and make sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send it to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so tiny?
Why do I choose medicine.
And shortly that feeling was disappearing.
And I started feeling better.
And on one cloudy day, the sky opened up and finally came out the sun. And I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I put the efforts to be perfect for not to make more mistakes -- it would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, I was a help in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat -- was a bit colored.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he went to the door he kept pointing his throat off.
Two days later, when I came to make my garbage shift, my chief asked me to talk to me absolutely in his office.
And the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the space?
He came back and he didn't have a rocket farmers.
He had a potentially deadly affection called the electrodes.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but from the upper air, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't happen.
You get antibiotics to go inside and recovered the few days.
And then the same period of shame and records, then I got up and went back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, no display displayed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discussion.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
They order a rational rational river, but it turned out normal, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the bottom right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered liquid to reinterprete and asked my colleague to review it.
I checked it up and by noticing a certain sensitivity on the bottom right, called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was amazed by each case, and I would give up.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say, it's a bear.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just embarrassed and supported and support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that really tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with my colleagues.
How do I teach them this so they don't eat the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues too, that a transportation in my hospital adapted the wrong leg -- believe me would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep, and those who don't sleep, and the ones that have a few results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as an antibody who starts to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of about discussion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prosthetic and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program, "White Cohen, Black Art" -- "People Black Art Black."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unconscious.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs project in the hospital are wrong, or discussion is not right. In a system where instructional infection is increasingly and more numerous and causing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 channels were killed by preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute was established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it's about low subjects, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplicated every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The privacy of sleep invade everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes in with scale eyes and with alliance to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is from approach.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't disclose their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not to stay anybody.
And what do people do not want to talk about their more serious case?
In my program, "Florida article: "All black art -- this is a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the pages to the head of heart surgery. This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are your mistakes? And to steer the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go back, and they would go down the head and they were going to start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a robotic medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The reduction doctor is human, you know, the access, and it doesn't get proud of your mistakes, but you get effort to learn from what's happened to teach others.
It shares your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Golden.
I'm a reduced doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel it very much, but I'm excited about learning something that can convey to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to choose a average American, is about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they started making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took out 13 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many minists.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of the hours?
How do you heat the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current thing: choice to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palmant.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the specialization of options?
Thank you.
As a graduate student at Stanford University, I grew up this very, very high level, at least at least at the time was very sophisticated at least.
It was called Drakes.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different classes of mustard and village, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 percent water -- and this was when we took water from the flu.
I loved going to that store, but in an occasion, I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the state of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy go well to offer all these options?
He pointed to me the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories. This is the one.
It's wrong.
They had 345 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right at the entrance of the store.
We put there from six flavors or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what do people have been willing to stop the measure?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a meme toast.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy merhage.
Of those who stood when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought merchant.
If we do the calculations -- people had six times more likely to buy memories if they found six than if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy medication probably makes us, -- less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice is affecting us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't make us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study I did with guru Hubble, Emi Kamanthan and New Jane, where we looked at savings on savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans from this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings for retirement savings -- the 401 program, was determined to save the future.
And we found that there was really a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds -- the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the more people were used to be able to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As much as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which will apply it even when it goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the finance and in the health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're obviously going better.
The main reason is that we choose to look at that giant variety of magicians, mustard and violation and memories, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibition of it.
Today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've rehearse in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one, Corry.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is less than that.
People always bother when I say, "Come on.
They worry about losing space in the animal.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- go down the costs, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Sharks to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cathol compared the products for cats of cats that were less sold -- the uses were increased in 87 percent, by two causes: higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarket today, average 40 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the largest stores in the current world is Alexander and offers only 1,500 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sale.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to manage the choices is the plant of David Laboratory, the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life insurance fund.
The people who really want to choose, they are offered 20 funds -- not 300 or more.
You know often people say, "I don't know how to cut off.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate you, you will not be able to make your customers.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garbage.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a little bit paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Garbage.
(Back supply -- OK. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Are they not more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually got more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can adapt and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the specialization of options, which is Congress.
So people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must be very obvious, very concrete ways.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effective effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shark Benjamin and Alexander Prince, on personal NGO personal -- and these people were in a meeting where they were applied to a 4012 plan.
To that meeting, that we set up exactly as it was used to us, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff that would think about the positive things that happened in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account from four percent.
The third technique is Classication.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Segan supermarkets along the North Korea, the magazine exhibition can contain from 333 different types to 665.
But you know?
Because the rating tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japanese," and the other, "Super-stage."
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the one on the right is Jack, you give a palm.
Well, there's some some supply."
If you think the one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland, they give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jackie and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that you choose, not when you define them.
And you often see this problem with these huge hedge lists.
Are I supposed to be informed?
My fourth category conducting complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German call of cars that allow you to persuade it.
You have to take 60 decisions to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
Colors, outer color in the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor box -- four choices.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look like?
How involved.
If you're always active in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed or is: we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices to a few choices, they push the button over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they keep there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information was presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to choose it.
Although to choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked up with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the special choice: Correspon, eliminate alternative alternatives, concern, make it real. Clarity, we can handle more categories with less choices, to build complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help handle alternatives or better, to use them in their issues, or for the people who serve them.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful when you choose it.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter to write it to the government.
You had to record an example of an example of example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on each page that follow a pattern that makes them from one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to get a lot to be a lot like this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can grab the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are criminals.
Like Mr. Distric Glamour from the city of Kideo, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cigarettes to earn a lot of money, energy amounts.
There are really a lot of millions on line, multiplees, that won money with their attacks.
This is Salady Transition, from Tarmal, State.
This is Alfred Goala.
This is Stephen Wat.
This is Big South.
These are Matthew Anderson: Targa Alpha etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their online forests, but they do it by illegal media through banking trains to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this gentleman Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jack with a store -- he knows his paradox.
And I say it's more likely to be more likely to be a victim of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes out of wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There is another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have collected in the last 12 months by putting a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous that do it to protect and the last group is national states the governments that are attacking them.
And then we see cases like Diamage.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Diamite is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
It declared the last one because of a subjective.
They formed the safety of the site and they perceived a civilization.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the discourse of the Dinner.
And the answer for him was yes.
So how do people die.
Diamite is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
What are the certainty services?
Well, you need if you have a website with hostiles, encrypted services like Galapago.
Except that they interact a foreign certified authority.
And that they measure approach certified.
And in the case of Diamonic happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters from the Egyptian secret police in April in 2011, and during the break of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this capture called "The FML.
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters of the company is right here.
So the Western governments provide the total governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago was found the School transplant, a train used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're sustainable in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They'll use even tools like the School translator to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy is not discussion.
It's not a question of privacy against safety.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we solve today, will be forever.
Do we think blindly in any future government, in a administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the South National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park Park has no close to the most of the South, which means that wild animals like the babies migrate out of the park.
And predators, like the lions -- they follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one that killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the massages, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up having the lions.
They are dying in our communities that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is why there's so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, at six to nine years, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of them.
But I realized that this really didn't work, because I even helped lions see the stage of the far.
I didn't give up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a spacecraft for you.
I was trying to deceive the lions to believe that it was near the core.
But lions are very smart.  They came up the first day and they saw the spacecraft -- and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interface with the one that I would think and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I assembled everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little individual box, I call it a transformation.
And the induced box makes the lights go.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how the lions see it when they come from night.
The lights go out and get the lions to think that I'm walking through the state, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the background, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is now used now by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena legislations, letters, and it's also used to take elephants from farms.
Because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the papers of the savanna spreading the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that one day would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions but now as my invention is saving the cow of my dad and lines, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
In my tongue it means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turk: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RM: My next invention is -- I want to make a fence about an electric fence -- CA: A close close?
RM: I know I know that the near electric fence, but I want to do the mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- Rata: I've tried it before, but I stood because I got a camel.  CA: At the foot of the canyon. Richard Turin, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage you in every step that you are, my friend.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was a little bit, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No Single Never Sentenant."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Islamic, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South America, Japan are the enemies.
But sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution here.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister colleague.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We are recorded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very highlight.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge hunger to North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end of a million Koreans died during the famine and only few survive eating passenger, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequently the energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which is free between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very angry in certain points, allowing us to cross secretly to cross service.
But many people die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant rights.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a Norwegian refugees.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because ordinary refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible fate of back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had been accused for me to be a northeast, so they looked at my skills at the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the Internet, an officer told another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some of us in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and depressed.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had caught them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These are not so lucky.
Every year, incapable novels are captured in China and depressed to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape. Many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be used in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk on South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I was waiting for.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South and South.
We are all Korea, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even you get a crisis of identity.
Am I a surprise or a normal?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride me.
Even though I'm going to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I started studying for the University of income to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The North Korean authorities got a little bit of money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a low location on the outside.
They had to run away.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the road to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I was incarcerated to the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some ways, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of all of us, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were supercomputer people who were adding.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believe it.
We did all the way up to the Lake border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lashi.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border.
After paying lots and shorts, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Lake capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything for releasing my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes, or bit.
I lost hope.
At that moment, or the voice of a man to ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt -- the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and for another two North and take them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern people."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norwegian village when we needed it.
And it showed me that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope gaps that the Norwegian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families and when they go to a new country, they start with little or none of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices and labor practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help us give us an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more rules in the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Center Southern: literature stores, fast food, lawyers bandwidth.
So the city planners came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South Angeles --  -- free food, fast food, bars banks.
Like 26 billion other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm glad to see that this happens.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you get out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheelchair bought and sold like cars used.
I see centers of dialogue dialogue like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of taking 45 minutes of arm and back to buy an apple that doesn't have petroles.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a land strip we call a garden.
It's 45 feet a foot three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it up.
I said, "Well, I can do the thing that comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Green, we get together and we started planning our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are kind of a group paid by addicted by gardens of all the processing, all of the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then someone complained it.
The city came up to me and in summary, they gave me a little bit of a little bit saying that I had to remove my garden, the city was made order of noise.
And I said, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food in a piece of land that no one mattered?  So I was like, "Well, let me go."
Because this time I wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lourney, and I spoke to the content and one of the Green Greens, who put a petition in Chandole, with 900 pictures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My colonies even called to say that they went back and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more large land.
It has 60 miles of bar landscapes.
That equivalent 20 Parkinson's participants.
That's enough space to plant 725 million tons of tomato plants.
Why don't you think about this?
Growing a plant will give about a thousand seeds, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of horses will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my health, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti graph, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which selecting walls, I selected soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my excitement of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the Earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a guitar is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
You'd be surprised to see how you affect kids.
The garden is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do, especially in a orbit.
In addition, they get streets.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 17, at night and they were in my garden, and they were in my backyard, and they looked very excited.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I told you, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when you saw people that were so close to me with hungry, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear people will steal your food?
What I say, "Oh no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it.
That's the street.
That's what it is.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to take your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared by their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plan with their mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So George Green has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like about 50 people who come in, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of it is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind people what you're going to do in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped in. I see color guys who are in this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are charged from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carlon.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cats.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to replace it.
So what I'm talking about is to put people to work, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor to grow their own food, opening up markets.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want everybody to become ecologically regulating, you know, gardens that are gentle.
We need to change the script of what one lies.
If you're not a garden, you're not a living.
That the guys take their category right?
That is its weapon of choice.
In the way, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs. And you have meetings to talk about doing some listening -- to talk about doing some listening.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your palm so that we can plant something.
Peace you. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music ends)  (Music ends)  You probably all agree with me when this is a very nice road.
It's made out of asphalt and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I saved.
And especially if you go together in your bike and these cars go by, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet road.
The solution for that is to make positive raised roads.
The positive assault, a material that we use now in most roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so the whole water of rain flow down to the sides and will have a road that it's easy to drive, and they won't save water before.
The noise will also disappear in these pores as well.
Because it's very horrible, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has devastations, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is to get down? You see that on this road the stone stones come out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, and so on, and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give you your paradise, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes they can create backs with that.
Ah, he's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can see how damage does in this material.
It's a beautiful apple, as I said, so it only has a small amount of anxiety between the stones.
Because of the intention, the U.S. light, to the observation, this adore, this booth, the glue between the rivers, will come up, and if you choose it, you will get microbes and will separate from the adventures.
So if you drive down the road, you get the added up, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about surgery materials.
If we can make this material support, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel line, from that to clean up, and we can cut the steel line into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bottle.
So we have little pieces of steel landscape on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
Induisance can calculate, especially the steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat up the steel, melt the bottle, the boot flow by these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great information machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We need to try it."
So we got a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Adam highway, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repair them then with our information machine and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers including these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life on the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface, actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to figure out first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depends on the design.
"The Taliban went out of my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
True school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came from Afghanistan and made illegal girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to school my older sister -- I couldn't be alone outside to go to secret school.
It was the only way that the two could educate us.
Every day, we took a different route for anybody to be able to suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the stock of the market so that it looks like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us prepared in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally when school was remotely closed for a week, because the Taliban supported.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were testing, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total income of a remote province from Afghanistan. I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and why his father was replaced.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our school home for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a higher risk in not educating his children.
For the years of the Taliban. I remember there were times when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to research, but my father said, "Me, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So don't you even want to continue?
Today I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the balance, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Medicated College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He's not just about my college degree, but I also have to be the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it by driving the streets of Kalachi.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1016, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOPA, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like my own, liberalization for them, despite and still in front of a depressing opposition.
Like Ahm. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Atheisha is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Solar to his village, and literally they were started to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get home, you are the phone, a voice told you that if you kept sending your daughter to school, you would go back to it.
"Look at me, if you want." He said, "But I'm not going to harm my daughter's future for his old old ideas.
What I've given you about Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of us who are trial, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, often are the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under Taliban, the girls who went to school are considered in hundreds of -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the return of the U.S. troops in the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that encourage them, I see a promising future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possible possibilities, and every day the DNA girls remember me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example, "Hey, resist Gardina. struggled to him.
But you never become a George Stair revolution."
They've spent almost two years since the life revolution inspired by the subset of mass movements so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other free citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of fruit and start a revolution against the Grandparently Reviewing regime.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and men who were young books were in the forefront water, demanding the fall of the regime, by providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to be able to do the brilliant dictator of Gaddimor.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the threat.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy stone, a legacy of tenderness, corruption and self-assembly seeds.
For four decades, the training of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure and culture and moral structure of life society.
So aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to have a lot of other women, rebuild life civil society, demand an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Benjamin during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tyns.
After a 33 years of existing, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's Life platform by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of women and for our right participation in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the Professional period, an environment that was getting more polarized and moved from the selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 70 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years.
However, little by little, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and automatic mosques and substanties.
Another day I ended up with the news of the American ambassador and the conservation of the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the army officers in the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violence of human rights and their lack of law respect.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, is polling more, and it's taken away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interaction, exclusion and revenge.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the crazy crazy list and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to trust that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The comparation of the collection and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish dominance policies and exclusion, both for men like for women?
Perhaps what was missing were not just women, but women's values of compassion, mercy and inclusion of compassion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than what needs the election, which only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting like indigenous agents and calling to grass.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and medicine.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not just honor but also putting the media in place in place of view, the collaboration instead of competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, desperately destroyed by the war, needs desperately to reach peace.
Because peace has a connection that deals with the interaction and the alternative between female perspective and males.
That's the real crossing.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a social way.
According to a cross of the Koran "Salman: "Pean "The God of God medicine -- "Mandare, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Radio," which is known in all the architectural traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "Riverside," symptomating the female and material, which goes to all the humanity that men and women -- that all tribes and all the people have embarrassed.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo, which grows inside the nutrient matrix of natural compassion all existence.
This is how it says, "My media takes all the things."
This is how it tells us, "My media provides on my anger.
That all of you are given the grace of medicine.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has an equally unfair answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always, why she's left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who was standing up?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I just looked at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the September magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card Expression, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times a man, that I created my twin soul, I would put my head on a piece of pile, controlled with ball balls.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "commodity love," a psychological train, love of love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at Martin Business School School.
I've spent most of my career working for the "Free 500 list, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leonardo Burna and The Washington Post ...
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black band, and I drive a minister of Henry Osochood.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions -- all of the level levels and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the markers are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependence and long duration or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so determination.
I myself would have told them that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who was still sticking him, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and children and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, its warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started Florida with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had also turned out from a University of the Virgin I and he worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a field of the field.
I had a lot of big motors like apples, and a hair wheel written, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about the beginning of putting on a predator.
And we started coming out and loved all of my me," which was list, that I had gone to Harvard, that I put passion in helping teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the literature in that school pressure and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to serve and hack the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I wanted to go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling on a love locomotom," which was entering a physical train, financial and psychological transition, carefully prepared.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reaction.
And here is where they go into the scene of those pills.
And as soon as we move to New England you know, that place where it was supposed to be so safe that I bought three pills.
One had in the top of the car.
The other one underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those plates because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those plates actually were a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Korea happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the camera put down.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend, and I married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me too much.
And it was very, very separated.
It just had felt very abused by the wedding and the fact that I could form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce out several times against the car vegetable.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon, the traffic was abused by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept paying one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a domestic violence victim or at some point in their life, and the Disease Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are mapping, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly strengthing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why is it simply not ranged?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore you, is incredibly dangerous to abandon a market.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence occur after the victim has put end to the relationship, after the matter, because then the border has nothing to lose.
Other representatives include the permanent assembly, even after the lawyer has come back to marrying, financial resources and manifestation of the family justice system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who paid their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why it's simply not going?
I was able to go out of a last space that I sold my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him to have been allowed to have been allowed to have been allowed to.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the whole world: police, my neighbors and my friends and family, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as solid headlines -- self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it there?
For some people this is a way to say, "The guilt is its for standing out, as if the victims are going to be intensely encouraging men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Local Love" -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scanned, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and they would receive their lives happy and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a survival of very typical domestic violence.
I got married with a man and a man and we have those three children.
I have that black browser and also that minister.
What I'm not going to come back to have never even more, is ever, it's a charter pile pointing on my head in somebody's hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating -- or "Hey, what stupid was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being beaten or that they were out of small or who are automotive themselves.
The suitcase could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
abuse.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
Victions we need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the suitcase to light talking about it with their children, their jobs, their friends and family.
They rethink their vision of survivors like fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early violence of violence to contract consciously, to stop their scale and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russell and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because it shouldn't be seen like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when it showed up, they don't have to do it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These technologies are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
Application is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would open up the back and would take the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial baby like the one that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which, even though superficial and immune, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say, a candidates discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason that I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heroin, and maybe you're wondering what this interest is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire too, we also associate it at a high and stable shape, to family and white skin.
And that is my heritage that I've been able to harness to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show scale, and maybe there are some love of the fashion that they say -- wait -- there are Naomi Times, Journal Shanghai, Louis Went.
First of all, the happy for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and of the 767 controlled models, only 27 percent of them were not white.
The next question that people always ask me is, can I be a model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a charity of ninthological and poet, which would be impressive, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my boss.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the report chief of the American Soviet magazine or the CEO of HIV or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike corporate surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have loved your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curve said, "Modernist clothes for 10 years, people would look at you.
The next question that people always do is if all photos are retracted.
And yes, they basically get recovered all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biomaterial, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
So I was looking at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a letter party a few days before the photos for the French vote.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creating a group of professionals, cheaps, maleagaisments, photographers and steps, and all their aid and people of prey and production, and they can create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many 20 cases and I have never used, except the previous couple of it, but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a grocery store, and I forgot to wear money, and they gave me the dress free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary driver -- he jumped a side in red, and of course, they stood up, and he paid a sorry, agents to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspect regardless of who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and recorded, 86 percent were black and landscape, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young black young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times are you going to stand up? And what?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that to 53 percent of the girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent at the 17.
So the last question that people ask me is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask, with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, will it be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothes more to the fashion -- but probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get away from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was more enough enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious photos and I wasn't me who got them.
There were no artistic directors, no steps, no opportunity to repeat photos -- not even a minimal care in the lighting light.
In fact, most of them took them into random turns.
My story begins when I find myself in New York City to give a point, my wife gave me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and the five.
I gave the chance that we went back to New York City a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take Santa to New York on a paper trip and continue the ritual?
So here is when we started asking the tourists that were happening to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, no one has been had with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11 and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always get the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter makes new hands, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the travel, we were walking down, when suddenly he stood in dry and pointed a red roof of the wrist store that he was sleeping from small visit to visit them.
And I described what had felt at five years in that same place.
He was able to remember his heart passing up with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to go up in the picture, and you don't doubt to come up to someone and ask yourself, does a picture take us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The Builds are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad pressure?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as mentally little characters, sources, stupids.
More recently, if you've been following the pink Kenyan press, applies and allegiances are the attributes that are associated with Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parallels don't help prevent disease.
They are really managed.   You're far away.  And my favorite, the Builds have better present.   There are two types of bubbles on this planet.
There are the Buddhists of the New World who are primarily found in the Americas, like the contemporary and the spreads, and the Burstands of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bubbles important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, sharing.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the wires to the bone.
They help kill all of the bacteria. They help absorb the boat that not to be for them to expand and cause large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bubbles, the caves take three to four times as long in demanding, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The judges also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the old Egyptian culture.
Nevony was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and along with the cover, simulated the unit between Alaska and underground.
In the Indian mythology, Japan was the God Bourta, and he risked his life to save the distance of 10 heads Rabbo head.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a very important amount of interests to open sky. In places like the Tibet -- there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to make them, so these bubbles provide a natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the Burgeonis?
We have eight species of bunch in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and the wildlife, parallel communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In Southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bursts are on the critical list of endangered danger extraction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they have pressure of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dick.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Since there are no Burna, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in completely completely covered cards, and when you have a street dogs, you have a huge bomb bomb for radio, the number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 anti-sectors are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead bubbles to serve the border and the pet market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting these transistors.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the Burkeles, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help it? It can become active, make a noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very incompatible creatures. Donor their time to spread the word. Disposit the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to be informed on the Burstan, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on your books.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed from opinion because he saw them flying without effort, without spending energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do, my life has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1918 until 1977, young Luxing, but I'm not --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Coast of Maryland, Argentina and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in failed Africa.
And I was struggled.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we played it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "When "The Zambie" "We of Zambia," was a project where we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zamboa to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends towards the Zamboa River, and we teach the local to grow Italian tomatoes and calls and ...
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible to grow nothing, we just said, "Thank God that we're here."  Just to save the people from Barbara in the hand."
And of course, everything in Africa is very beautiful.
We get these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato grows up to this size. In Zamboa, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the baseball: "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, male and red, overnight.
And the banks said, "Yeah, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought that only the Italians were making mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypothesis.
You should see the waste.  You had to see the waste that we gave people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hell Death Dead Dead Dead "Dead Dead "Dealer: Mamma's economy.
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Call it in part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are improving, colonial missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or pathogens, or we are patental.
The two words come from Latin Rat Rate," which means parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Pathology, I treat any different culture as if they were my children. "I want you a lot.
Paturation, I treated all of them in a different culture like my servers.
So the whites in Africa are called "Ballet ...
That book gave me a slap in the face. The little thing is beautiful, written by School, who said above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped -- let them go.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to breathe.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, "Can we imagine a city that isn't neckland?
I decided to be 27 years old, just responding to people, and invented a system called Facebook Campaigner where you never initiate anything, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's hot.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it feels like the people in the local village.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give someone an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never sit in, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family of the company, the family of the business family, which is established with you in your house, on your kitchen table, in your coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion into a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this based garbage where we got to tell them what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on me, and the government came to me to see to ask, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stand up and I listen to you.  So, the government says, "Make it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Draceboard, one of the most great corporate advisers in history, passed at 16, a few years ago.
Peter Dracan was a philosophy professor before he was involved in business, and this is what Peter Dracorch says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative company.
planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit.
So now you rebuild Christian without knowing what the most prominent people in Charter want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to go up with you.
You have to offer you conflict, privacy has to be fantastic to help them, and then they will come up, they will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you going to do this morning.
Local people passionate people. That's what you have applied.
So, what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fuel revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing, and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we normally, cure, education, we train -- we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution -- universities? Forget them.
Government? Forget it.
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a terrible story that was in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1880, this group of people, and they set up what happened to the city of New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was an insurance: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population from New York to the around, they would require six million horses. And the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting income in dung --  So in 1860, they were having this dirty technology that would make New York life.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States appeared 100 automobile companies, 100 automobiles.
So the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scares, scales, factories in the wake places.
Dragon, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you conflict.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer you a absolute, device, extentile service.
And fortunately, you will have to tell you the truth with respect to understand.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has got to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercialization, and you have to count with a fantastic financial administration, and you have to be able to do it.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world who can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no exist.
This is still not born.
We have come up and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Westerner, Edison Ford, Frank, all the new companies, Google, Amy.
There's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None of them was started by one person.
I was never the word "me," but the word "We "Are 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. Nobody begins.
So we can create the community where we have familiarity, who come from a small business environment sitting in characters, in bars next to their dedicated shops who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this population, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it to you? Can you search for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." I want you to look for somebody somebody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like authoritarian, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their appropriations?
How can we push out more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes before the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant roles that give shadow to lovers and brown and sandwiches for centuries and trust in a city.
And there's a device in New Orleans.  There's a department in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest number of U.S. abandoned properties.
I live near this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Jona, like a mother for me.
Her death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for the time that lived and so on.
I gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I try to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends, I transformed the wall of this house in a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete it, "Before I died, I want to die.
So the trains could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replicated and continued to cover it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be just a paradox."  Before I die, I want to sit in the face line in the challenge line.
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the net.
Before I die, I want to hug it once again."
Before I die, I want to go to the rescue of somebody's response."
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hope of people made me laugh at shorts, stopped me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and slavery ways. It's about giving birth to reflection and competition and remembering what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we did a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Karjan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of distribution distributions, it's more important than ever before, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about death clearly our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us are not only able to help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Research is 22 years old, high and very good.
It doesn't speak, but it makes better joy better than some of the best speakers.
Research knows what love is.
I share it usually passes what happens.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and focus on this: it's never lied.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even remember me, it reminds me one thing: the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that every single songs of my iPod in my iPod, conversations that we kept on when I was four years old, to put on my arm during the first episode of the Tols and the birthday of Lady Gaggin.
Isn't it amazing?
But most people disagree with.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they're often ignored.
But what I put my heart and hit my soul was that even if that was the case, even if that was the case, even though they didn't think about it, it could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it becomes a different way, from there that Remote is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you diagnose a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of developing in the world, there's no cause or known cure in the world.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
Reserve lived and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing wash and eating anything that would have been in between.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond the bees, the frustration and the endless hypothesis, there was something really unique -- a pure nature and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without presidents, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Remote and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a donation." Every one of us has a gift on their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the World Country.
Penn State asked me, a computer teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Authority of truth -- scared of these students with his big minds, their big books and his big books and his words with words.
But when you develop those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
And I really felt when I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our bigger challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, helped with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to respond to you, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the translations, but they study the translations, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat oxytocin.
And when they're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say, "Space and temporary," but why not say space and time -- which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them some points.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they are ways of getting rid and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget your balance signs."
Have you wondered why they call the balls?  What do the balls do? The balls kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's very supportive in the language of our brain and overwhelming.
Instead, this example of example of General Brown is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the translations is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower design.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legitimate sentence, that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and next, provide graphs that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what is described to.
I think these are just some key keys that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all the media, to do with simplicity.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford English dictionary is subjective."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Such "Angeles" means "depressional political."
Although there was a personal editor of the 19th century that was much better defined when he said, "A self-setting is the one who looks for a public charge no matter party or platform or principle, and that, when you win, it gets for the bottom use of a relative verbal meaning.
I have no idea what it means "for reflection."
Something to do with the words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1777 that Parliament Britannica allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was thanks to the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Crussewal, who faced Parliament.
He took him on the towers of London and they were encouraged, but he had enough courage to focus on them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase -- "The Brazilian British stuff like the metal.
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's for a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and policy interact, I want you to go back to the U.S., just after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence,
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call a Republican country?
This was deposited in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it the Washington State Congo, and others, "Your Altitual George Washington, and other Departments of the World Wilderness World Projection.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "Rio Right?
They thought it was quality.
And not even with it were monologues, they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain term.
And I could have served it.
Everybody gets tired of it, because this debate was provided for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "I was still with this theme."
What caused the portrait and the way it was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The Carpet of Representatives didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it King for whether he was given him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern title and more inequality and more unfortunate that they came to them.
And that title was President."
You didn't invent the title -- you didn't invent the title, but it only meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term called "calculated or supermarket."
There were environmental presidents of small colonial and government fingers, but it was really a metaphorical title.
And so the Senate is putting.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital?
"And who will make it serious with such a ridiculous and intensitive title as the U.S. President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't figure.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been fully refused to the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- we might keep waiting for 123 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you with, is that President in the U.S. doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads of display, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of advanced air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have mastered the title of gravity.
So at the end they won the Senate.
They got their testing title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of signaling, well, was a singing for then.
But you know how many nations you have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate won and the Leonardo House Lady, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you with.
politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, reality means much more the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet below land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded out of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of domestic bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that catalyst of male and rock stores with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a cheap flashlight of initial light holding up the head with this announced electronics, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole of one meter that drops hundreds of meters on Earth.
It breaks my hand and suddenly I remember a minority that I met days before, who lost control and fell in countless feet in that period.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward, and often die.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Volunte Peace Court.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a interface from "Frank the Slavor, an NGO that was dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not as much as a grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
It made me a study and the weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of "Freedom the Slavorous and offer my help.
It started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these places.
To some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I will sell the dirty trains.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families for generations for single debt degrees 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false product and better work and better work to then find out that they're forced to work without pay, under violence and can't escape.
The slavery operates in the commercial, the goods produced by slaves are value, but those who produce them are debated.
The slavery exists in almost everybody and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick hormones.
This strange and formal show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Dinner Dinder.
Institutes on a temperature of 54 C. men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a mountain short door, they stack mechanically brick in their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they carry them from the border or the board of trucks that are in hundreds of meters.
Denials by the mountain and the candidate work on silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and severe disaster was going to be really interesting.
So panels were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run into the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the architecture that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "List, you don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I explained to myself, very clearly that demonstrating emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already in.
I had to rely on "Freedom the Saltanasment and work within the system for his release and trust that they will.
In terms of me, waiting to get home to feel my heart head.
In the Himalayas, I found children running rocks for miles for mountains that were waiting down.
Those big brothers were more heavy than children who were checking them and children followed them to their heads with correspondents made of sticks, ropes and hardware.
It's hard to pay something so overwhelmed.
How can we influence something so bad, but so intensity?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying it, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were recruiting their freedom, the slaves burn their houses.
When you hear the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness I was dressed that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina I was accompanied by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
And I was driven by a bunch of angry stairs that were giving this dirty basement -- fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bus.
It was a restaurant.
Responsibility, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the Google slaves with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single thing is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
On the finance, I remember making sense of a fear of a heavy agent, and at that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I just had a way out, the stairs.
There were no back doors.
There were no windows big enough to transmitted.
Those people don't have scale, and because we play a very difficult issue, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens by the way, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families stored in the trade trade.
This is a portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the blue and red hands, from their children.
They mix the stores in these big barrels and they dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the trick is toxic.
My performers told me his stories.
We have no freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work."
There is more than 4,000 children enslaved on Lake Volunteen, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense of it?
Erry. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families and disappeared and forced to work extensively in these boats in the lake -- despite not to know.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be taken off, it was a topic that his little canoe was embedded.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water.
The branches of the trees embedded in the lake Volunteen often catch networks and children, fatalized and fear, they go to the water to stop the branches.
Many of them are sacred.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
And by fear of his love it's not going to run and like all life has been treated with cropuality, it's often treated by the younger slaves under his command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took out the last networks, but they had been working from one one from a one.
I cold and vegetarian at night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kooky.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met him in a shelter where "Darwin the Saltins rescued victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It was driving through a road in Ghana with "Parenting Parks, a village company with his retirement mouth and supported our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then I pointed up this path barely visible and said, "This is the road, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we took the stores that blocked the road, and after walking near an hour we found that the path was angry by the recent rains and so I put the photos of photos on my head as we discovered in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the nice path ended up absorbed in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slavery workers.
Many women had kids tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold water, they were walking in the water poison with member.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These mines are enslaved in a small part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, increased, because many had been under the land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people charge stone bags that then will be transported to another area in which they will kill the stone so they can extract the gold.
For the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and virtual men but if we look at more than close to the margin we see other lucky ones and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up as this victim of T.B. and the fear of the mentor in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandela inherit the debt of uncle that forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines.
In addition to that, Many has tuberculosis, and it's not going to be forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists like "Frank the Slavorous and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony from them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines -- they're people, real people, like you and I, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that I think I don't think of these beautiful people, shaped people, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to turn a fire, and that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math app and there's a peculiar problem for who do it -- we're like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
We are delivering the virtues of the whale and the car dancers -- that we'll see more ahead.
But the whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like the Parkinson's evil destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Strangelon who, in his time, was a virtual ballet dance.
In the last few years, it's been made a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are 6.3 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable definition, temperatures, rainforest and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately, the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and correct metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do it. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a hard journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional form to try it, you see, in a certain sense at least we're all virtual like my friend Jane Strangelon.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds by speaking. We can imagine as a dancers of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the necessary genes -- the Foxy, for example.
And like the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal chords as they vibrate and as the Parkinson's impacts extremists, also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular cloud of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal temperature, weakness and rainforest.
The speech becomes more quiet and astonished after a while, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both of them use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both are prices. Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, you can be fortunately.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are mid-1980s, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it goes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could make low-cost massive record for clinical trials, and for the first time, fishing checks at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomaterials of disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal initiative.
Together to Acquire and Pakistani, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone or without Parkinson's, it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mom, taking all of these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What would you take out of these shows?
Max Litherin: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people can not pass it. They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for cleaning the confusion factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MT: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thai student, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is annoying the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nobel and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MT: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lithering, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, he did photographic portraits in New York City.
We are folding creatures, gray.
We hid in the dark, in fourth without windows and usually avoid solar light.
We make the thin models even more delete, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after that, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hands Volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to the Europe.
It's a little piece of fishermen located in the Internet prediction of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the waves.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall, and over three miles in the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We got cartoons of the channels and the cannelism.
We cleaned up the slime school and we put the houses ready to be refugee and recovery.
We take tons and tons of dead fish -- debt, specialized fish, local factory.
We were scared and loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and steps and shoes.
Everybody did the same thing.
And pick them up and take them into different places of the people around to keep them going.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered to.
As they went from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village education center.
I helped clean the communal bathrooms the huge, giant battery.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the training center picked up the photos.
And there I was there and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was to transform myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years -- some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that street and repair that stranger, and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night came into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strongly, but where the water had declared the face of the girl should be fixed with a lot of accuracy and delight.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the stupid picture.
With the step of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more challenges that came back in Facebook and Linked and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
At two weeks ago, I had 150 people who were willing to join us.
In Japan, in July, we move to Redwood, a neighboring village in the north of Almitra.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
And the time they took to deliver them is a different story, it depends of course of the design of photos.
I could be able to get an hour. It could make weeks.
It could do months.
This microscopic had to be drawn by hand using how the color and detail, the water had not destroyed it.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in salt water, bacteria, bacteria, even oil -- all of them along with the time of the continuous time destroying them, so cleaning it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless I was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky.
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt even more of the pictures already damaged.
As Web once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started cleaning them herself out, but he stopped when they realized that she was even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be recovered, we could just put the images in a single picture and pick up the whole picture.
When he picked up his photos shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the photos in a fire station between the cards quite far from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the charge to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirrenshis sounded the subses.
Their small children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find his whole family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something that he could go back to look, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been beaten by that day of March.
Six months after six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined that there were hundreds of them helped us to clean up more than 150,000 photographs -- the great majority -- the great majority of them came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to go back to 90 hundred of these pictures that are completely respected and returned.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear it.
These are gardens of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take and the first thing we would go back to it.
Over this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to go back to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of retirements.
Some of them connected them to something larger, to get something bigger, using their talent for something that are not thin models of perfect skin.
So in closing, I'd like to read this email -- I sent it City the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was retired, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular -- a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, sent me around a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born back from our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples.
Doctor Edinbergan inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that was carrying an apple in an exhibition of only one million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photography: photography, a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or to see the inside of the body without using X-ray and challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser planet and turn it up and turn it into a silence of second or be, in various ways to create a picture of papers of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photographs, that ball, travel at the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that balance and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those pictures go inside this bottle?
What's the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --  Remember that all of this happens in less than a nine is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coke doesn't sustain this research.  There are a lot of things in this film, and it will bend this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and then it starts to wake up.
And part of the light goes to the table, and we started seeing these silvers.
Many of the pictures eventually get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the reference of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, the reflection is concentrated together.
Now, if we take a common and ordinary ball and make it go through the same distance and see it in a slow camera about 10 billion times, how much would you think that you would take us to see that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film -- of a moving ball.
And how about trying with nature death?
You can see the waves that come from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I think, from a phone at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this shot, you will realize that, as the light comes out of the atmosphere, it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce on its interior, and it comes back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this fast show is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT, right?
As photographs, you know, if we take a low exposure, it goes very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you just get some light.
We sent that balance -- that package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very autonomous synchronize -- we took those giants of data and we engage them complicated to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of this raw data and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supermarket is allowed to see after the rings?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, browser, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We have built it.
On the left is our manufacturing.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works like this fast, our manufacturing has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in Brazil, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple bounces of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D 3D?
This is our reconstruction of it.
We have things to explore before we pull this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build the executives of seeing the inside of the body by adding ice, and the same for characters.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite hard, so this is actually a request to scientists to start thinking about physical photographers as a new role of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Ederal, himself a scientist, turned the science in art, an art of fortunate pictures.
I realized that all the giants of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But here's a funny thing.
If you look at the waves under the lid -- these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects. Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appears to be invested in the camera.
applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone you can record a song, to go to School and make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984 Chinese and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for change.
This is 1989. Imagine if all these people together that protect that they protect a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who of the presents have a mobile phone here?
Have a look at it.
Raise your mobile phone, give them up.
Let's get it. An Andrew, a Blackberry, wood."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, of my cell phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
The raw data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a director.
The Department of Defense Describe.
This director says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to who who sends an email to.
Who sends a text to who, who sends him.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years, on his phone company or his proven of the Internet.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the aligness in the digital age, and we don't want the phone to do the Internet providers store all of this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Freedom, not fear."
And some of you even said that this would be the Two State.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the phone?
So I asked my phone the Texas Telecome, who was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got it back to him, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Detales Telecome said no, we won't give you this information.
Finally, we signed up an agreement.
It would take away the demand and they send me the information I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the institution for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly piece of dead with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Tribe and 5,000 children are carrying information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeletal, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So along with Zero Ocean and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and go back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from French in train to colony, and what often I call on the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and you end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate between each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information stored at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people on Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the state had known who involved in this protests, and, if the state had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in mind, neither of the Christmas Court.
Because today the state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But the authenticity and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to give your friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not happening of fashion.
When you go home, give it to your represent that only because the companies and the state agencies can store some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you have to remember you have to fight for authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDx, what happens?
I call me Massach Lake and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, submission to the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so I have a little bit of time.
Look at it.
It's a self-exploration.
Muhammad A.
T. C. It's not genetics.
It's not connection and it can be controlled.
No one was married by my mother and I didn't hire it, because my parents were first cousins, although they are.
It just happens by accidents, like the one that happened to be born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disappeared.
Let's go from walk.
Christmas Valley, you're in the commercial center, drive in circles in search of parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. It's just one of them.
There will be a legal of the oppression. I would win the gold medal.
I'm painful, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from "Jurassic Clinton, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "people."
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing songs."
If my three major sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents went down to the school system, and they would make sure that I was as well, and if we didn't take all the famous grade, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my bags on his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I would pursue it.
The strategy that I took inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they remain all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we were not Italians.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "Musical Cookin as a campaign language.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about it a lot that died from hunger during the radio.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating it, so I will get rid of the dawn.
dances drop in Broadway, dance.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with technologies, or I can walk with technologies.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using technologies, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Man.
In summer holidays often my father was trying to save me, so I baby milk milk -- they put warm cups on my back, and I remember the water brought up my eyes and thought, "Wow, it works.
But the miracle cure was the goal.
I should say it's very boring, but before you do yoga it was a stage comedian that I couldn't stand up and put up.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the USA, University of the state of Arizona, because I walked into all the cops.
It was like the master department of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the less intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in your classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called "The Verge very slow Daniel in Jacks.
It's a work of a girl with brain parallels.
I was a girl with brain parallels.
So I started yelling at the four winds, "The end of having a paper."
I have brain parallels."
At the end of the final."
Thanks to God evolutionary, at the end I'm free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Steve Brown, they gave it to Steve Brown, you know.
I went to increase the head of the theater department, crying historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, asking her why, and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role that I literally had born and gave it to an audience without brain parallels.
University was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a little story of hearing actors without disability papers.
When I graduated home, I went home, and my first actor was like a temperature on a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be accused of "Cameroon from "the "market friendship in a sensor.
Instead, I was there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the one, and it was obvious to me that the reporter directors don't hire random actors, not white, with disability.
They only hire perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Whitolian Golden, Rose Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I made myself humble.
In my first tour, I took families from New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic car that led when I fell at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain parallels.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and without it.
Some people say I'm the first monitor of the Arab world.
I never like to recruit the first place, but I know that you never heard that little remote rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my sister of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York New York City Council in New York City, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Aristotle in media and at the time to remind the representative director that South and Arab is not symptoms.
The Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the disability stigma.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program with Keith Albert.
I went into a graduate dance, I was dragged to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair anger?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I cling into the desk desk for not going out of the screen during the seat, and when the interview, I was possible.
At the end I had my opportunity and the reporter I knew they wouldn't be invited to me.
But not just Mr. Albert came back to me, but I got a full-time part of my chair.
Something fun I learned with Keith Albert was that people on the Internet are school.
It is said that children are cross-trade, but they never run from me or a child or older.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a diver object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why tender?
"Is it retired?
And my favorite favorite worker."
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
A company suggested even that I would add my disability to my curved: division, comedy.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Bell, then Bell can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap man. Come on.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most supermassive in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there was more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My trait journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red red carpet by the cover of the television Tunisians Sudan and the Clean Brown cell.
I got to act on a film with Adam Sander and working with my pile, the incredible Dave Matterness.
And I would take the world by looking at "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was blessed in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the CNN of 2008.
And I founded "The Children of Massachi: a charity organization to give children palm refugees a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act live, and he gave him this talk to his memory.
(Pleasure in peace, Paul.
I call me Massachuse Zayba, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village in South America.
This village is near Geggifering.
The drought drives the little village to poverty and the edge of the innovation.
Without anything for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mogality, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Germany.
After maybe a year later, nothing was about.
One day you get a gentleman to offer it to lunch, then dinner to display.
It knows a bunch of people who give it a discussion.
It gets a little bit of money so that you buy new clothes, money to send home to your family.
You present to a young lady.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Geggient, under a blue sky, a car bombers.
That little boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to Shanghai, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a young village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him understanding?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he got to him.
This was the first thing that did it from what we call "the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marine, young urban urban people who have destroyed riots in Johnson, describe riots in London, which are looking for something beyond the waiting person."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the waiting period" -- the access of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang -- will be the story of the 2,000 cities.
And in my city of birth, Mongalism, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mugazin last month, and I went to visit the Madda hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital accounted to balances thinking, and if I never had it?
What if I was forced to be in that same present person?
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Germany that month was actually to encourage some juvenile leaders in a business threshold.
He went to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
And we sat down and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the great challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Magazine, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white white for Al Shanghai and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to it.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mugic, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
Adam saw an opportunity and have it.
It started a motor company.
It started by giving monologues to local residents who usually couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this different story?
What does it do to this different story?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit and I think that business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting person."
I feed young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking at so desperately for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings Momarantan, Mozart Mozart, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Golden has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamuse came up, if you wanted flowers to your wedding store, we were on plastic sentence from abroad.
If you asked someone, "When was it the last time you saw fresh flowers for front?
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, Never.
So, Mohamuse saw an opportunity.
It started a company of passionate passion and flute design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mugic, and he started growing toxins and literatures, which he said, could survive the hard climate hard in Mugic.
And he started the floor of flowers for cool, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies are now working on the creation of the first public park of Mugazin in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Gegmanda.
He wants to create a space where families -- young people, they can go together, and like he says, smell the provided radios.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Mondon presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their history, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They invented business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create a culture of business spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put into their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, brown the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamuse is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Its Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, to transform the way people see their city.
They come across the street to help rent and keep the monkeys for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape the paradigm of the waiting person."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, you turn young people in entrepreneurs, they burn and feed their inherent innovation, and they have more stories about flowers and Parks than absolutely and proper person."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Monterey mountains, an Afghan area north of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The central forest.
The sun would make the leaves glow as a viral, and not to be on the path that we went on, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings in taking that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a control on a risk with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a base, from about four square feet with apple hearts with angel heart balls and old paper ball.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their trash out?
That question kept with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who clean our base?
No matter how they organize or where they put the outcome: who clean our trash in Starbuc?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London.
Here in New York, the Department of Santagnistic clean our trash -- for 11 thousand tons of waste.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an instruction.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical schools and the bread the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong one is very quickly.
It costs a lot to use weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept looking at the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
There's also danger.
According to the workforce of the workforce, waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you're going to go around your surroundings.
They just want to happen, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the impossible of garbage.
When you get out of the culture, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circuit.
It must always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste collection is the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first producers of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to be designed from your container and your inherent dangers are threatened by very real forms.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it's in danger in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed need.
So I mean just the speed of which we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair or clean or take our coffee cup of coffee, our battery battle, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today, I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe helps reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost free.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us left with ourselves from our own waste, our drinks, and that flow must always stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, and I grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey like all the missiles.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just stand, and he said, "Let's be okay.
We're going to be good."
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we got good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and account all the costs -- even the very real human cost of the labor labor.
The municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about trash -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the Ethiopia capital, Adam Abuse.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to rescue it.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat in the inside so you need a lot of cooling defense.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis of treating a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really was caught with the ancient market that's this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small selections.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by analyzing the site, which is located in a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive atrium, which creates a space in the air in the building that becomes supply, by its own shape, of sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a paradigm of anthropologist with performances to allow the input to the air and also the light, but in a filter way.
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of Ethiopian steels.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little pretty small pieces that are with windows that let air and light in a way controlled by the building.
This is completely completed with these little color crystals that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it didn't find easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the commercial center, because at the end of there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it wasn't needed to have air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy support for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting pollen on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these boats on the roof, which in a set collects water for the health of the inside.
You wait for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I ever designed, needed not only understanding the city of Tunisia, but also their environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 100 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve acres of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards in Europe.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the media climate climbing?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that ensure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the lower plant we have all the connections for the pedestrians for the pedestrians there.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community to the community occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socially, and do activities such as run a two miles a morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment and they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair very bright and a small stone street start, financial. It was strong for the capitals of the states, very good for official.
I ended up that year, and I was full of hairs, until I took my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the school out of school, I was a little bit later, and I hid on the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was slowly, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my teacher the rating book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just a little bit.
All of you.  And I was willing to go back the book to the box. But to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a front, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all the rows of D and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I was still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all incredibly obvious.
They never found me.
But above all, I was struck by the reason why I was bothered that this guy, so small, was so good for official.
I am intrigued by the balls.
They're so mysterious and so printing.
We know that babies suffer from challenges.
Also, primates. Blue birds are very proper.
We know that the hairs are the number one cause in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or long duration or sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab that you study the hairs in all your possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no rut, there would be no literature.
There would be no infinity of it, no "designer."
There would be no hair, not "The Thoma and a Night."
There would be no Shakespeare there.
They would disappear the reading list of high school reading because we would be losing "The Route and the Further: there would be no Gassan and "Franklin." We will lose "Mark Bountain," and "Announcer K."
No people, there is no Proust -- I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the hairs, almost it has all of them.
This year was 100 years of his masterpiece -- "In search of lost time -- the most exotic study of sexual balls, and also from ordinary composition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the feelings of the feelings, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a marketing farmer in your washing magic.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, this is books that Virginia World said were as tough as a chapter triangle.
I don't know what the cat trial, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the hairs and Project.
Is it going to be very obvious as the hairs that are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impaired, are a solid narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cheaps.
When we feel challenges, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being the narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to remove the knife, right?
The hairs make us all an amateur novel, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give it pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Sander detects in his lover is attached to his collection of torture in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Proust were notoriously beautiful.
You know, Project girlfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so slow to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The hairs are arguments.
It's a hungry emotion. You need to feed it.
And how are the challenges?
The hairs are number of information.
The hairs use details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small stone stage.
The hairs are number of photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.  I promised the language of academic language with the cells.
When Shanghai is in his hands of hair, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe to the servers of his lover -- then they defend those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is represented, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a money."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proust is trying to prove that the hairs are internally insulted and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth -- in fact, what I promised to do, the more painful truth the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss, these were the goals to the speed of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a much deeper range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crimes for crime?
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal us ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other excitement that taught us to look at so peculiar insight?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very disturbing young young man who consumed the idea that his woman was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, that I didn't look at what his wife was doing.
So she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did his wife without realizing invitational behaviors.
Is it too much or accidentally rided with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the content of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs are doing to look at intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The hairs drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A word of Michael from 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent to viable messages to himself, for a year.
For one year. A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend -- I have to trust that when or this, I react with admiration with administration.
Because we're realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity, right?
It's like novelty.
Like a novel from Patrick Higgs.
His hydrogen is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The Earths in a Treek and "The talented Mr. Republican: books that are trying to try and make our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the hair, the membrane that separates what might be, can be perfectly perfectly put in a second.
Let's take Tom Republic, his most famous character.
Tom Repensare is going to be left or want what you are going to take away from your self and you would stand up from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It takes your nichons, you take your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Rice.
I can't give you the whole world, as well as sometimes I want.
It's a stimulation, because we live in times of envy.
We live in textbooks in time.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where is it the sentence? Right?
Do you show the salary? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to the 212 of Baker Street and ask by Sherket Hollywood.
When people think of Hollywood, think about the malaria in the Marshall Professor in the Mars Professor that criminal genius.
But I've always been prevented by Independence Lesterland, the head face of School Arab who needs Hollywood desperately needs the Hollywood genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, I was so familiar with it.
Letter needs its help, but resistant and bullet with bitter in each of the mysteries in the fall.
But as they work together, something starts changing, and finally at "The Samport of the Six Nations, once Hollywood enters all of them with his solution, he goes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not jealous Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person in Scott Yah who would not want to shake my hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hollywood in history. I look like this very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a problem of geometry without emotion.
You know, in a Hill is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being the respect.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the hairs are really a subject of geometry, just a question of where we can be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the continuity plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us.
Just the defining fiction of the challenges.
The fiction used to be donated by the table.
And look at what you agree, the Lesterland Rudden, the terrifying Tom Richard, the crazy Sander, the same Marcel Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 and descends about the Columbia Sea.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in the history of peace in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor walked on their surface, which Alexander after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of turns: 380 pounds of old rocks and something that the 24 would be trained later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets -- that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1963 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why does the moon the Moon?
Why would you turn it into our goals?
And you might also ask, why is the highest mountain climbing.
35 years ago, why will you fly over the Atlantic.
Why do you play Rice Richard against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Play: For contexts, the Apollo was not just a victory from the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the treatment of the technology powers of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police is eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to play what Alvin Telecomine in 1970, called "children force."
For most of the history of humanity, we could not go faster than a horse, or a candle ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 translation flew at 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism of optimism about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to have been intriguing insulin.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn V.
I knew variable that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale self-interest.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, who trust that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel and Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the collaborators, in concrete -- the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when venture capitalists were in their light point without worrying about the risk, they would prefer little investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The C has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they have never invested in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's energy consumption is producing renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomplimentary. Less than two percent, and reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biodegradable.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete on price, don't exist.
Now, the technologists and entrepreneurs and economists are agree about what politicians and international treaties would increase development of an alternative energy, mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famine is result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like correspondents or systems for storage and food repair and there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1972, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements of being present," political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, institutions must support the solution, it has to really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, and it meets with those criteria.
But it's a precipitation model in the future.
We're not in 1967.
There's no gentleman competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who reveals how hard and dangerous and not a popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by telling you the generalized ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record," there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been interrupted.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, that I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has driven?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I am influenced to think that it can have gone down in some activities or institutions and that I could have increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the opinion surveys, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that trust has described.
When you look at the opinion surveys over time, there are no evidence of it.
That is, the people who were being discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same decline.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago is still quite confident, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half a half.
But is this evidence enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if anybody would ask you, "Do you confirm in the vertical?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary programs?
You probably start to ask yourself, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of them, but in other people."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deploy trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say that I trust a certain teacher that I know to give the lesson class, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we take all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to provide the good inherent judgment of trusting something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would get.
I would be willing to have more confidence in what is created of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who developed their savings with the very quickly called Mr. Machievar, who came up with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too compelling.
Having more confidence is not a smart target in this life.
The residential confidence or denied in intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yes, it means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they responsible? Are they responsible.
And if we find that a person is competitive in the personal matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm happy to say that I think I don't have many friends that are competent and responsible but extremely dense.
If it's like that, I haven't been perfectly.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier for the task of judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the part itself.
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee conflict and testing tests is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks, like parties, demographics that make the chests "get the chests: as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think that the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be trusted and we will convey to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, work or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions -- the attitudes that are not properly done.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in fact, is different, because we get other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive -- usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to provide reliable evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can go through it without giving explanation.
I take them up and give me the money, or you change it for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not very difficult to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been struggling to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be defined.
This separation has gone round, and increasingly and more, at such point that today is less than one millimeter, the speed of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining how it would be.
So first I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong optimism against the screen transfers their physical body to pollutions.
Designers can math their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the honest hands?
In the Distribution of Science Spiders in Microsoft -- along with my mentor Catholic Bollarria, I gathered the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now lift the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as to grab a book from a state.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual setting sensor that is below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we go into the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Sure, many of us will have bought and put things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry now.
What I have here is a virtual worker on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or transition when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, rather than just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future look like this?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Reed Post, we created this only physical pill.
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixels in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So similarity, what we did was we will put gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic liberalization, mechanical action and detectors.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach physical confusions and distance and the famous take from Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planets movement, the physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without us to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a giant for two years in Humanity, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all the paid.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they believed firmly that there was only a heart path to happiness -- a safe job and really resurrected.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera song.
This was me, in my piano.
A singer of opera must start training from very young to learn the adjusting, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adult would get the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved looking for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
I remember the books.
"Obsessive "Tomorrow "Self-assembly -- "The High Hidden History "See Country Counter-eating "I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about the Chinese compassionate life.
And it's not preventable preserving. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's one subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revealed, honor your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said, "It's so different, and much better than obesity."
So it became my tool to come out of this collection of collection of collection and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my computer reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, the beginning of this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
It had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparable reading is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books of two.
You can treat people Beethoven Islam "Wood" -- from David McCain who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisis, the temptation is economic, politicians and spaces.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, lung, fear and social duty and interesting.
If you know another language, it's fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The path of China Trempler Thomas "The Tabso At The Talk Alan Watson instead of giving me in the translator, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that "Hello "fair literally means "record "relative "recently" "Arab."
And "Nobel in Chinese literally means new mother, Ohio.
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from past and the present.
I know I'm not going to feel like I was alone or impossible.
Having a stranger dream really is nothing compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness.
Even a dream dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always fit them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first physical clinic.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using salary and a short toy, and he turned into the couch of my office and took the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so reduced.
My classmates had a climber as a first client climb.
And I took a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to just move my head as we cut the solution.
The triangles are the new stages," he said, Alexander, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working on, you get home later, you have children later, to death goes on.
For sale as Alex and I had a time for it.
But shortly after, my supermarket pressure me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was scared.
I said, "OK, it's coming out with guys under his category, and he fits with a black head, but it's not like it was to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "I don't know, but maybe marry the next one.
In addition, the best time to work on Alex marriage is before it came down.
This is what psychologists call a "James moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used to, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign regime was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of the windows everywhere.
There are 50 million windows in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to the adult without spending before the two.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the water stores here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with the windows, you love a sentence, you take a sentence, you remove a sentence, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible the venture really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight from every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Aha -- that shape your life will have happened for when you have 30 and so many.
People of more than 40, they don't go into the panic.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will gain.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and reproduce for adults, which means that if there is something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their toxin at the age of 28 and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The two are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about the developing child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which your everyday and common life has an impact in the person that will become a resource.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening.
People talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Researchers call the 20 percent advertising adolescence.
The journalists were taking ridiculous names to the windows like "The Twitter and "Hollywood."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial what is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berned said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you give you a paper in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it doesn't have absolutely anything.
And then every day, you get smart, interesting like you or your children and children come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be good."
But then it starts sound something like this: "My 20 are going to be finished and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curriculum.
And then it starts sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the chair game.
They all would run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came out, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when he was 30."
Where are the sentences here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme. But it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter time.
Many of these things are not compatible -- and there are research that starts showing that it's much more difficult and stressful to do everything at once at the age of 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
To realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of the trees and cutes look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emmanuel.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And even though you live a few very difficult 20 percent, your previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted himself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cry for almost all of the hour.
I had just bought a new head for director, and I had spent the whole morning filling it up with his lots of contacts, but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words "In case employees, please call the one."
I was at the point of the story when I saw and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a automobile accident.
Who's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Yeah."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that really was worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit in the last decade of Emma passed forward.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the windows, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that would forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to their person.
Doing something that's an investment in what you want to be next.
I didn't know the future of the Earth race. And nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, of that intervention, of that company that you want to play.
I'm not discovering the window exploration, I'm taking away the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's practicing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are sale.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport to the airport, but the sentences that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who comes out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak friends of friends.
Yes, half of the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to tell this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's science of how information happens.
For the last but not less important, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a window, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and he formed his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
You may think that the 30 is better age to sit there than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live right now, or now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whatever it is to choose them to you.
So what happened to Emmanuel?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on a museum of art in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special opportunity of events.
This married a man who chose consciously collectively.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help you.
The windows are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which go somewhere in the West.
Just before the complicated, a light beat in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Film.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and even 20, a good conversation, a good disaster, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege of saying to the windows like Emma every day: The trials are not the new 20, raise their adulthood. They get identity capital, use their weak bond, choose your family.
They don't let them define for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job for a job that was even more empathy," the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics from seventh grade in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, I would calculate the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no charter of C.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that put me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, proportions, decorations, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the enough.
After several years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a mathematical perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
It's the C. But what if you're successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios. And in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Academy Middle Post Pole.
We try to predict what chains they would stay in military training and who will get back.
We went to the National Conference Court and tried to predict what kids would be most likely to do in competition.
We studied normal teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking them what teachers are still teaching by the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective in improving the learning results of their students.
We partnered with private companies asking us, which of these marketers are going to keep their point of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different context, a feature is a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was the detection.
Determination is passion and perseverance.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to get to their future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and really work hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate -- even when I put them into every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Council of Letter in which the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that science knows about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in the children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic.
How do I keep them motivated for the long term?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who just don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the commonly determination is not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called "growing mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dutch, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed -- that it can change with the effort.
Dr. DNA has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination, determinism.
But we need more.
And that's where I will end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get them wrong, to start everything again with the lessons learned again.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
growing in Taiwan as a catalog daughter -- one of my most advanced memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner. It seems to be as impressive as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever it is that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this language sophisticated can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic aligning.
The first 200 people will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read statement signals, restaurant menus to understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in front of "The Side, "The System I'm completely completed." This symbol is actually original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of doors of a song in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They are building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to follow.
As the ancient said, two are company, three are full.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying it was this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, you have the quantums.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idea."  Easy to remember, because a paradigm tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it gets very hot.
Three feet together, that's a lot of call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burn up.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, proposition.
Three together, those are forests.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the curve of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I touch someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, excited, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they're going to have careful adults.
So we've gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical radiations will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a flight mountain -- it's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the night sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin -- we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant existing, because the Chinese entrepreneurs destroyed their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a output.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the films I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oso May together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glashic, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show of child fantasy.
However, the Osocar magician was an event in itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The trend really took rise for the last couple of years later, interestingly, another film whose prototypes, a metal boy and a helium kid rescued a girl dressed as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Osoc of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oslash magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Osocom magician is doing today, the magician would say, Dorthus, you're the speed of Oz as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military computers of the evil break.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the Obama magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I had a son.
Just three.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he turned out in the room and he was impressed as a mom left with his patents behind him, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but unfortunately, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would they be issues of value, personalized and lead?
Would it have the sense that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
We compare this with the 1939 magician of Oxford.
How does Dorothy win his film?
By doing good military with everybody and being a limits.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up to O, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital Facebook force, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the wall of yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children react to this state.
I know for experience that Leisha doesn't provide the proper frame that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are microscopic.  I think at the time of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has finished, I have a boyfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies focus on deliberating the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, although they are, the kids are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pathologist, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend from the pathology.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herse and Katrina, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful issue of all times continues to appear in classic after classical after the clip of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who created a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out loud.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what criticism said when Valentine came out.
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a prison.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them."
Well, almost none of these films passes the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet had roots and already proposed, but maybe we will start a movement.
Allison Beck is a comic check, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the film, is there more than a female character than having lines?
So you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the film?
Their conversations are about something more besides the guy who they like to --  Right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Arab movie.
Right? Rubbings of Oscar -- short success success -- a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie.
Basically, it doesn't happen the Peter test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the record crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actions to take a look at the door and say, "Are you coming to bed, cartoon?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a larger number that is going to be disappointed.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think the videos of music or pornography are closely linked -- but something like that, and when I hear that statistic -- one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual arms.
Who are those kinds of guys, what are those guys doing?
What do you don't get to learn?
Are you adding the story that you say that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then cover the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we adopting that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness like to spin power, and we expect that to help, but I have to ask, but I have to ask, to take a power to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and I mean mainly the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
Machine definition is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the astronomically.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite Star Carress character know what he responded?
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Glashic.
What do these two in common?
Maybe it's not just the brilliant dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anyone -- and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I say to my son, "Go and struggle just and more stories where you see his work is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people improve and be better people, like the Osocom magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look at it.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta Delta in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, at the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink red.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian activities.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Itcosmi, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Facebook, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this massive subject of hell.
This area is enormous. It measures about six for 4,000 kilometers.
Before, the City flows right next to the Italian side, and as it changed over time, it turned into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a selective city in an extensive landscape.
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a show, with the eyes sold and using baseball guidelines.
So we use NASA software data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nick flows from.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs -- you can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for the layers of human care.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer -- we find a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible Islamic location -- five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Israel.
We also found poor jobs and coverage and carrying and cat -- which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Islam here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to localize it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the largest of all voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 to C.
I made ideas actually happen in 1984 to C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the top.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that you're made.
Now visualize a group of obese nuclear nuclear nuclear.
They're competing in a nuclear nuclear race and they go into direction to their input door.
I need you to look at this.
They're fortunately, they're surrounding, they're going out a lot.
And they collide from front against the door of their house.
There are bicycle flying everywhere, wheels that go on to their side, road from the wheels that end up in absolutely substantial places.
I mean, the vegetable, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light, the light shining on the Montesone Mountains.
It's waving them with the hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them colors in the nose.
You can smell the panel collapse and pass it is about to get into the mouth.
Come on the side and enter your living room.
So in the room, and making a maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spains.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on his center, singing Hindup One Morries Time."
Now take me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow road path and from the oven come to you Doricia, the Hollywood man, the Spanish and the Lender of "The Miguer of Osy: carried out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memory."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a supermarket supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorize hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
Look at the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a basketball bar.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook that had come from England and he has one of the best trained memory memory.
I said, "Well, when do you realize you were a known?
Ed replied, "I am not a knowledge.
Actually, I have an average memory.
All of those who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Civil used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have not heard of this before?
We were standing outside the company of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excited, said, "John, you're an American journalist.
You know Britney Spains?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Spains how to memorize the order in a live baseball deck on national television.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spanish, but maybe you can teach me.
So you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named E.
He's an animal, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on the paper of Dusty Hong in the movie Ray Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books, was central.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about the memory written something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory and distributed and culture was not as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed.
They have been culturally changed, and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people for this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this significant competition of memory.
It's actually not so simple. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some way, structural or analyzing different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control with them compared to them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scan their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and sounds of snow -- found that in memory champions were lit parts of the brain, different than others.
They actually used them, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tour of competitive memorize is driven as an armed race where every year is coming up with somebody with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Pristion, three times memory camp.
In his desk in front of him, there are 36 displayed names of names that he is about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and he just domesticated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4:45 diagnostic binary dignity.
Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all techniques used to the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "the elevator cooperative."
It illustrates with an elegant paradox known as the Barbaria paradox -- "The Google Says, I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you to you, remember there's a man named Bayera."
That's his laughter.
And then I ask you, remember there's a Bay painting."
And when I came back later, and I ask you, "You remember that word that I told you a bit of a bit?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Battle is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said his work is "Ballot."
Same word, different capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, name Bayero, actually doesn't mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word "Babyer: We know panels.
They use similar white hats.
They have hands in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some panels.
And when we first took that word for the first time, we started putting some statistical containers to fail them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this date is 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Greece.
It's known as the paper of memory."
The story says this: There was a poet called Systema that I attended to a banker.
They had hired it as an entertainment because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ. It hired a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he went back, and so soon it was, the bank of the bank was collapsed.
killing them all.
But not only killed all of them, but I destroy the bodies by leaving them unconscious.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't get into the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Systematic, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting every single time.
I took the hands of the hand taking them where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What Systematic systems at that moment is something that we all know about most or less intuitively, and it is that no matter whether we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or the words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exciting space.
If you ask them to take the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Systema, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse paradigm in his lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more local, sharp, funny, search and application is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treaties of memory, in Latin, in Latin, in Latin, at all.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to make it memory -- the same way that Ciring would have been invited if you were invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on your doorstep.
And to think about some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inexpensive image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely institute competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and seeing the Monterey Galapabo mounted on Mission Ed Monterey.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cooper.
And then you would see Britney Spanish to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they were talking about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical typical.
In fact, the typical term comes from the Greek Green," which means "play."
It's an advice of when people thought about the street and the rhetoric with this kind of spatial terms.
The phrase "In First place: it would be like the first place in its memory painting.
I saw that this was just fascinating and I got a full of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something extensive about this subtitle of competitive memorize subsidies.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on exams. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is moving the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in its place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school engineer bought in a birthday market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I had never expected it to be.
It was entrepreneur, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually trying to do is improve more and more ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, children, properties, instantaneous, absorbed and inexperienced images, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could go into a kind of participatory projection experiment.
I thought this could serve from good exploration for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I got the competition -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and you list of companies, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory paintings or memorize names of names, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The paper of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real advances.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- kind of a complete attention that most of us don't go to exercise around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorized.
And if there is something I want to leave you today, it's what E, the Americans I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we so slavery that we don't even bother in processing in deep?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from N: Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents' home in a village called Libboliance, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And among my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there all of you were going through the tip looking at the web, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all look at me, and every time I stood up and come back into a towel -- all of you see me.
And I was like that.
It was total, insecure and hated it.
He hated that journey, he hated that balcony. He hated that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
Great.
Those feelings that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of area, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we do.
And it's no wonder that we feel that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
And it is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it evolves to you, think about power, "shraping and Democratic."
And I know that they think about it so that they were based on a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a defense that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a very, very long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the bottom-up and the governments and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we met buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Libby Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- columns red, red role, that let me enter what Liberian tries to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries -- are they so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the penguin.
On one side there is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms today.
We set up, we push and we set up so much, that we get completely away from people.
All of the black people, this depends on us -- you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connect with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transportations, so we started experimenting on the back of the back and over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the blocky called biofuel.
It has to do with concrete.
You can guess.
Small windows, in democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the predator again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know and we update them.
We added together and we add passes and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up.
We take Charley arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be cold media capitalists.
The forms get away, they won in audacity and color.
The Germans became a columns.
The hundreds grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the way in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian one.
So you could possibly be a sign of bread.
This is what happens with the posture.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we record memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tasketn.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started to dance the predator again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the decorative called.
We take away the historical symbols, we now have new design techniques, and we find ourselves with new composition, some ways that are crashing against other ways.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super impossible. One is totally excluded.
Normally, the pillar propeller again, in the opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gilmas of Billie, from Frank Germany.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Global said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public in general -- they were completely aware of a building.
The New York Times had raised this magnificent construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So, suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings -- Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical ways, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was kept around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and turtles.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the major mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and turning.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennia happened with other star architects.
I went to Zaza and Liberians, and what happened with these little bit of elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next village to see a building.
Transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship -- an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerated -- you can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is beyond the physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It doesn't get a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know whether that I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we meet buildings like this.
Business was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they wanted them.
That's never going to happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of the anthropology, the steel or the elevator.
My theory is that when you apply the means to the media, it starts to be dangerously dangerously, until you're going to be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it embraces the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was finished.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings seemed exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people started getting and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you circuits with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but that have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those librarians in Linux.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation of innovation, about what a library.
That's multinations.
Multiple people who can take the mayor of Linux, to the people in Linux, and tell you that there's no single answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use digital words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a depressing audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the underground pen of one style to another, from a movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seed can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings were associated with nature and not the other way.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even one can marry at night.
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River in New York City, and to raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little bank of renderenders, as muscle and frightening like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, control them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for better world, because there is a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces," local libraries -- the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Star.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of a year, taking threat, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that he likes to do at the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and his chip, and she gives himself those big and wet kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to do it with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I a generation?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and lives in Denema.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be wanted and fixe.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, although your mom tells you all the way that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what your mom tells you and what your friends, or your friends, you say, doesn't know who to believe.
So a video of herself makes a video of her -- he published it in YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment -- "Am I nice or am I a bread?
Well, so far, Fay has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so regular, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal teenager, which receives these responses in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life emotionally.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it doing this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, struggling, saying, "I like this: committing, sharing, publishing, this never ends.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in his room all night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our children to addition based on the number of "I like that they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manufactured digitally in the way.
What is the most triggered thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are behind the news of the girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our passengers.
The technique of the advertising is now a routine now.
And trends like Tasking, Tahriri, Tahriri, Guizzzile and Prospect.
For those of you who know, prostate means oppressive.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people are shared.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like those of the superheroes of the sports supply, and the supply singers of the supply.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we surely want our children to grow up healthy and individual individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid participating in classrooms in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect of it.
One in five are not going to classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough good enough, especially if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your fellow who don't worry about the appearance of appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland.
And it gives independent of what these young people are.
So, so that it's going to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is delighting academic performance.
And it's also delivering health.
The teenagers with a little bit of self-esteem make less physical activity, eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more non-violent diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol of alcohol and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships at early ages and without protection and catastrophic damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is presenting the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they are overweight.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look at it.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
This potential is from interest to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, yes, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key ways. The first one is that we have to link trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well integrated programs, without realizing the situation.
So we must make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are precision points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but to face this problem requires each of us to take the risks in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the appearance of our politicians in hair cortex or the size of their chest, or to inspire that the determination or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not because they look like it.
All of us can start doing it by using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you question: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, like governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their whole person, valuing the individual, diversity, inclusion inclusion of it.
We need to put people who are really making a difference on a prize.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make it the ones that go out in the big screen because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never going to be who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
A wife?
A sister?
A daughter to their daughter.
On their survey? Is her friend?
It could be just the woman who is at two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, which is anticipated by not having long legs, more thin flights, a more small flight?
What would it mean for her if we put this up and we would take a tendency to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all of us.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trains of a year of age today, they become safe change agents of themselves.
Let's do it.
On November five 1990, a gentleman named "The Norden New entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder the Red Katrina, the leader of Defense Defense League leader.
The nation initially declared it innocent, but being prisoners by other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks at about 12 icons from New York, including tunnels, signals and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant protected.
Sadly, the 1981 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't be avoided.
Later New York would be convicted by his participation on that training.
Share New is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher. And between the two they made everything possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few, even most Muslims -- they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are going to get so deeply supported to their convictions that you think you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
A few months before he sat up with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to the trick training in Long Island, to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the pilot of the Charles threat who, without knowing our group, was served by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold my hand on the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot to the little orange light on the target and for all of us, especially me, all the target state on fire.
My uncle became the other and in Arabic, he said "India Auda."
Such father, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter -- but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a corner with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and led to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them ambition, which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved for 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone who was already time to share and go to another city.
As it was always I was the new face of the class often was material victim.
I was writing my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and restaurant, it was enough.
So most of the time I put it home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons it didn't develop social skills, to say it substantially. To grow under fancy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They educate me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program that I participated in the Journal National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of mathematician almost all my life, and it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendships was Jewish was Jewish with.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no astronomical between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend of mine, and frankly I felt very proud to have been able to sell the barrier that all of the life had been made to believe that it was inexpensive.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a diverse park.
I met people from all sorts of beliefs and culture. That experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all of the homosexual men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most kind, less critical and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been taken out of a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me from a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be home, but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dadway Shark."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me incredibly honest about my interactions, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my private figure at a time when I was desperately getting it.
In occasions, the inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, wasn't in valid.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would make in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough manufacturing and said, "I'm tired of hated."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate on your inside.
My real name is not Lake Eden.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone -- one day, who I'm trying to bring to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this violent and intriguing ideology -- I didn't get to be fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against preventations.
I do it for terrorism victims and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about those acts of sense, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherently to no religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-partner movie.
It's in 3D, and it has surprising sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has arm, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood are projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice on your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your concentration of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a conscious consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal film?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal film?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible for a science of consciousness.
science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
Then there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, it predicts that vision.
psychology was studying behavior obviously, and neuroscience studied the brain objectively but never even mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started changing.
Neurologists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Perguid said, "Now it's the time for science to address consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of corruption, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this kind of wonderful job that Nancy Kansas presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a correlation science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain types of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience is answering some questions that we want it to explain the consciousness, the questions about what some areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense the neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter -- why is it all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why does a subjective movie exist?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the exams, like the humanitarians, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the equipment works, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize the living organisms -- all of these are questions about objective work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we speak, how we play chess -- all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the angelage that works. For a long time, I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But in the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great explanations, we used to this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit on this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennet, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely disruptive theory of consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of any more basic terms.
On the contrary, they're considered fundamental and that the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is going to be high.
In the 19th century, Maxwell's discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass laws, then post-conflict laws of electromagnetist, and putting the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws government.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space space, time, mass charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to take out the list.
The most natural thing would be to publish consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens up the way to do it scientifically.
So what we need is to study fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass -- physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can sign them on a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can sign them on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called the conceptuality, "Paper for all, "Psychopath for mind, every system is conscious. Not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies even the microbes of Rob Know, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with angle when he thinks "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the rose."
No, so no.
But the thought is perhaps the photons can have some kind of raw, subjective feeling -- some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think about something so crazy to think about it?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems like illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
complex computing processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years, a neuroscientist, Giano Tony, took this kind of theory and development it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which calls phone, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess I had to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration -- a high degree of fish, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- the same very significant, degree of very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes particles, the dog degree would say.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tonyanine theory, there will still be a different level of awareness from zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of fish, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that capitalism can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and the philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that it underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where is the fire of the equations?
From the passive vision of the physics equations can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically described the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of advanced.
It's right there in the center.
So this vision, I think, the fiscal vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have some pretty serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then it should be vegetable.
If you're a paper and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think by thinking about it well, this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What's about the Saturday artificial intelligence system in the movie "Helecator?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of passing information, she has a complicated information processing interface, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of the apple.
Finally, you can ask for full collective consciousness, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this packaging view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental than the second of it is universal.
The vision raises many questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, it's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait for it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to be able to find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't achieved anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's limb, and spent a lot of time looking at the "Bush Valley series and "The Valentine Creator."
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement, if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school in Melinda, just about 20 minutes at the class 11 of legal studies, a guy lifted his hand and said, "Hey, when will you get your speech?
I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of deforestation for a few good minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in the wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the act room.
And then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as an inspiration objects.
And we are not. And it's not the blame of the girl, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuals.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to be disconnected distributed.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disabilities.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, to mass, my muscles.
It's bad and living with a disability you make you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it's not going to be excited.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You might have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited."
Or this one: "Before I left, interest."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with orthopedic legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately, because they punish a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we classify the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that my life might be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been strange to express me to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to cost.
These images, those images encode people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things you can think of.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "President People," deliberately because I subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we are more disabled, because of the society we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very angry with him.
What I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of its ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to grow them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a cure.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here pushing the inspiration, and you think, "My God, Steven, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a few blocks of barrel to collect the things that fall into me.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to charge the cell phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excepts and grateful us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a trial of stairs has never done that it becomes a radio.
Never   Soon before a television screen will not be going to have the substances for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and bringing a positive attitude to convert all those books to the bird.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching "But "The Virgin Savanna doesn't consider anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have such low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in a high school school school is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
disability does not make us exceptional but question what you think to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a collapse without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please don't be described.
When people think about accurately, they think about "Minority Republican: and in Tom Cristing, they come up with the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I wear it, the Google Glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glasses are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 160 miles, blood hitting your ears.
We can know that you feel that a man of 110 pounds perform, trying to tell us with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the practices of the NBAL, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine rising on the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Klevan: Come on.
It's horrible to be tailoring.
A moment. Let's zoom up a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Klevan: As you can see, it's a proposition of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the training.
You have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Fish Marian: mice. Matter 54: "A 54: </s> 54: Milli."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Klevan: This is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NBA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marketing.
from a corruption?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we take it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called the Science Rio, which surely many people already know.
The Rio Rick has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created, and it's not challenging word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to play player." No!
Oh my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain holding for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adam Peter crossing the line, leaving from a telecommunication with the arm before they run and make an antibiotics? What will be the experience of a fan fantasy.
When it can be Messari running through the shoe, throwing the bullet into the bottom of the network? Or Federal doing a come in Windows?
What will be your experience when you go from a mountain to over 100 miles as an Olympic scanner?
Maybe they increase the adults for adults.
But this is not really unconsciously.
It's just virtual reality, Rover.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Rwa?
Do we get the augmented reality when the coaches and the magnets and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here's a brief report about technology at the NBA.
In 1965, the Bottow Ports put a market to their field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NGO put radio radio in the hull of the fields and then in the defense.
They had more spectrum because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player shown in front of you, in a plastic video that they carry on. You don't have to worry about forget a play.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They only go to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
What would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the hull sensors and the accelerators, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad people will have a sense of information.
This would make good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis stop being just for nerds.
Who would have improved it.
What would it be in the country?
Imagine that it's the field marketing.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receptor -- suddenly, a flower on the left part of your bombsight would warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Rwanda system is going to warn you.
You go to the area of protection.
Another flower is warn you that there's an open receiver.
You toss the ball.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in his view a grass area that is lit and can modify the race.
It came up and caught the ball, running and announced.
The public encourages and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality will be part of the sports because it's too cost-effective.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of really right?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circulation, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much does this technology work for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a bully how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is it worth this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is being a personalized?
How much does it work for a Home Commandment or a Neil Deception Tosota trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than three-dimensional notes and Karanas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face and the challenges that we face, they depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the Hilling Path of California.
Most of those 23 years are passed by the southern end of the sea of Mary County, including the Goldman Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is widely known for their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his architectural style inspiration.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strangelos, the head engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is basically to test substance.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from their openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been involved as such, so that the each of it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go below clean your soul.
But let me tell you what happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of the people that make vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally get dropped into the independent water, and then they drowned them.
I don't think that the ones who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of the death that you will face.
This is the cables.
Except about two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be able to take a living.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the bar.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the road through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials as well.
We've come a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when he received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the edge near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Goldman Gates bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to address from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
So remembering the Greek mythology. Ze created Panbanisha, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panbani, and she opened the box.
From she came out planes, small, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
Then Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice and smart man from New Jersey just took away the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason had asked him to have asked him.
The collateral damage of suicide affects many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved out of survival?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, you know, or tell the person who you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you don't have afraid to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Some in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life, you've had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for desire, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, implication, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son at the 19th of January this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he was with his permission and benefit that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin. I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking, I should go foot to the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspiring, but I'm going to notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the cover of the 49 with his father on January 19.
I never got there.
He called Peter Police and reported it as he disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump from the bridge at 1850 in the afternoon of the day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
Glory, the Goldman Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a ceremony.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go through the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the side of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the shadow immediately, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he was happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You hear me.
I was left to talk and just listen to me.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read them.
"Dear Mr. Brainstones, nothing erase the 11 of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin continues to follow.
So honestly, I think Kevin was changing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medical.
I embraced Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those service terrorists, but thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, like he said.
We thank God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Navy Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Piece: When I visited San Francisco General Hospital.
"I know I had to solve.
Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story inspired others.
Substraint is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was survived with poison.
That act -- despite finishing its own pain, I steal the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide.
You just want your own pain over.
By the way, this is just about three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who talked to him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the final one, I looked at me, and he said, "Learning, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And he jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge are not survived.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who left the sandwich realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only connected Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can prevent you.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you fight: How do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever since child.
My exterior finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, the ones that will refer to me later, when I look at this picture I think, you get it General, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that just I'm beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of skin or the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this phenomenon is called revealed.
This is mine.
I was recorded as a kid when I was born because of the appearance of my genius.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew how to addict me.
The gender has always been considered an amazing fact, but now we know that it's actually more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought that being what I'm bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the drawings.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries here.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still 15, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transportation contempt.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty?
He told me that if she was paradigizing her from the description fees and the seat, and that night, he won in bar suit, he won in the gallery suit and she was a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of the religions of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was restricted from beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the demands, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Films.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my application of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was scared.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beautiful rent."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you move to the U.S., you can change the name and the gender identity.
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two or my name.
She also accompanied me when I operate in Thailand, at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand actually perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license and the "Green Geographic "Called Female Geographic.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a journey, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears were minimized.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, to be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman with Hill Nets things.
A young woman in New York who was worth his truth, but he was ready to end his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November, all of November, we make a global surveillance by the Dan Commentary of Transitions.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and stood up to the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there is no more views of November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my benefits.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been hearing young women transportation, that I've been oriented, and sometimes when they call me and told me that their parents couldn't accept me, I would take the phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it works, other times -- it's just gender identity, that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that security is not starting, and there should be a space that allows people to addict, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with color.
The transition movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should be understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually meet their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were homeled in 2011, when he was able to get the National Peace Judi Prize, he became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the story of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a girl born, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome. Not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother was very overwhelmed by having a child.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, you get sad.
When you give birth to the second daughter, it confirmed it, and with the hope of a son, when he lit his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffer but the daughter -- the daughter was born, when he grows up, he suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, it stays home and school administration to your siblings.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when you go into adolescence, when I turned up to 13 years, you get it out of your house without a male account.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
It turns into the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transforms the code of that so-called honor, he could even kill her.
And it's interesting that this assumption code is not only affecting the life of a guy, also affects the life of male members of family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that is called objective.
A good girl must be very clear, very humble and very substantial.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if he doesn't want.
If you marry a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a disturbed delight.
If you get it very young, it has to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it distributed.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet: "The home, the local, and then it gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of objection to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues to continue.
I wanted March brothers and sisters, when Malawine was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the baby ones, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Manhattan, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malaria."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can put it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the tribal societies in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
Insuring a school means recognition of their identity and their name.
An adaptation to school means that it has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters. And none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I had the Canadian visit, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the apples of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give me to my sisters and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the ability of my daughter.
He was encouraged to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to bond them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawa.
I've struck all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for economics.
I taught my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of the objective.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sexuality.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the scary.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activity.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use vehicles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the short girls and the killed.
They suffer millions, but a few talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and slow when you speak for your rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Galileo got up and stood up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he was offered himself for the documentaries of the New York Times and spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of 2012, they shot to burn in the head.
It was a familiar day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was dead between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, to your daughter.
And he said, "Please don't blame you.
You define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protected."
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawe was in the hospital, and he had severe pains, and he had strong head headaches because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about it.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my torture and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and we were aware of.
I wanted brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his task.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so hard to Malawi so brave and expression and economist?
I mean, they don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I witnessed the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Monologist Google, the Google, where I've had a divide to my charge, the visualization of Google X, but all the work that I'm going to talk to you today about the brain science -- I made it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you go to a brain operation.
You are still the same as intelligent or not?
Wouldn't it be like that, can you be smart.
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurons.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
I have more than ever saved me for a bit.
But luckily, I have a kind of experimental straight, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there is really no clear map that says it in delight.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my automotive, my sense of who I was, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case for a few months, I tried documents and typical chemicals for a man of seven, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed my thoughts.
I was always freedom, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met a number of guys like this, or maybe some advanced versions of the past.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a pressure.
In fact, I was trying to be an instinct, to fix a problem that had the front, and it just doesn't happen like that.
So, I couldn't handle it.
He changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurons and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
So I tend to think about it almost in pictures, and that became my key point of reference, how do you get those mental images that I used to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to try and try new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Human, Descartes and Honor see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are the people who have this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works. For me, it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I have lots of great mental genes, really video, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Giant Gassan and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual while I was imagining that same image.
The column on the right was created by restoring the central column of the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost clean.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn the brain waves into recent visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a great set of reactions from the brain to the video sequences.
Then, I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan that was determined to show what seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the developments of the computer, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This left us both.
We're okay about doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you look at an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the world's biggest brain scanning systems today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes together.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me, telling the recent result of MRI -- we should first ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets -- but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than bigger magnets we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different self-interests, like making a spread.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in the MRI were to really make big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in research of clever and brilliant solutions in coding.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns associated to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns, we can increase a massive form of information that can be extracted in one scanner.
Also, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using AIMGA that we should be able to measure not only the flower of blood blood, but the holes and neuroscientists that I mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity. This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irreversible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills and communication.
This same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices to open up this door.
So anyway, do you take a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it takes much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have arms.
His closet, maybe to tell some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have caught in life.
Everything arm is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of living and having come out of that closet is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Side Walka Carl, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensive military intensity -- not to break my armpits down, quote the letters of Ann Di France as a little little little bit.
And I will be glad that by the height of my short pants and for me to get my head up a little bit, I would usually ask a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would give my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a law of radio.
The father would take the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to go into the female issues on the table.  I had the Beat French quote.
The quote from Gloria Stewart.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," to show you.
So breathing up and I looked at my eyes and I looked at a four year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist door, just a girl with a question: "Are you boys or girl?
And so I would breathe up again again, I put myself out of clicks near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable show.
Well, I'm more than a girl of a comfortable layer."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite should be raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a pantric, please?
And that was all -- just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pantric that I figure?
It was the most easy conversation of all than ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the launch and I, both we were honest with one another.
So like many of us, I've lived in some closet, in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a rain.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a brown.
That's how my closet, it's not different than you or you or your own.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain somebody who has been declared in broken bank is more difficult than it has been frozen?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than telling your five year-old son than you're going to divide?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop rating what is difficult to us to what is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made of, a brother is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a vessel and high heel shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled on a corner of my dark closet, using my big gay girl, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint it, and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of them were invited to know that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, on my black dress and tents, I walked around tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents' friends, people who knew me about years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women I said, "I love Nathan Lander."
And the gay story battle had started.
"Ma, ever was in the Catherin?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fair."
"Ma, do you know my Atlantic Stephen?
It's very good and never talked about having night."
"Ma, what's your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program? Will and Grace program?
And you know who we love: Jack on?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, descended but waiting to show his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said bright, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink chambers."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like all of the launch laptops.
It might have been easy to indicate where they were monitoring.
It's not very hard to find it and realize the fact that they were building.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you get it?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how hard conversations are still not my strong point.
Ask anyone who I have gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Pantheonal Chicago Pane.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but understand that what it involves coming out of any armor is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the gun off. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genius, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct -- just give it. Raise your parts.
If you know they're gay, let them say.
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,  -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out safe wounds -- they get rid of what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find yourself in a little bit of a blue dark starting a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bollywood. Enjoy the silent.
Institution, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Ed Discovers that "The question if a machine can think of is as interesting as the question if a submarine can swim satellite."
When Ed Discovers wrote this as a critical to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
First of all, we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the intelligence of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as territories, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept on the intelligence on Earth, you would see forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that they were, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotics movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years now, there is a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a = for the intelligence I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or to keep the options open, with a T, with the diversity of potential future future, yeah, to an impending future time, take.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predicts the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more drugs, or internal infrastructure, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy production in any system that is found.
Surprisingly, England could pass multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even earn money by eating action, all of them without being asked to do that.
Here are some examples of Extraculture in action.
Just like a human standing of foot, here we see England extracting automatically by using a car.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave England a goal.
He just decided to balance the portrait.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human care.
This tool of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that England can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Extraction is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, illustrate its potential for play.
So here we see England orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the web well connected.
This same network of network offense also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a ship floating streets, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applicable to issues in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Extracellops spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of love, vessel in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its exponentially gender.
This risk of risk management will have huge applications in finance and safe.
Alex Giussani: What you've seen is that a variety of marine cognitive behaviors such as tools use and walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So we go back to the beginning of the term of the robot, the Robert play, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion reverse.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then male and try to make the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of target.
They often ask me, how is it looking for goals to get away from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the consequence of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge about how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which means that Earth is only one between billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the liquid intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their stem star.
And in fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is losing under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot.
Global ice and sea ice that they've been with us from a billion now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused at the global scale have rapidly supported our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist, no astronomer scientist.
And I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as a very interested in the life search in the universe, I can tell you that the more you look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the whole planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like the Cut trace their surface in search of clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the orbit like the Wown mission -- take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the ideas and the pieces of identity and compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the dramatic areas of our planet that still stay for colonized, places really excited in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and represented from oxygen from our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry about this enthusiasm for the colonization of Mars and other preventable planets with a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some of Mars to wait there to save us from this inflationary construction of the only planet that we know is truly hardwire, the Earth.
And so I like the international exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the Catholic captain will tell us that the part of the Titanic will actually have a place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for the international exploration and the Earth's preservation don't hire themselves.
No, they're actually faces of the same content: the goal of understanding and to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial panels.
They're just closer to the house.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in hostile areas and inspiring areas on Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the February paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Africa Female asked, having in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Female is that when civilizations become advanced enough to be able to keep living between stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin of the planets put out this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international collaboration will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to serve the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a crowd, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a crowd could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was missing from my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure not more expensive than a side in the middle of the night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was okay.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Correct releases that increases heart rhythm, modular levels of adrenaline and cloud of thinking.
And when I came to the approach in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking myself, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that they can do bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but until a month later, my thoughts were not crying.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kallachine, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed I was talking about I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that had been practicing something called prostated reporting.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kenya, who had written from this a few years before, known as the predictor.
Everybody knows what the promotion is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what was wrong wrong, right?
In the predictor, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a predictor.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to give a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where well, where the fish are, the free trees, where the friends are living and the enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is security in London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the opportunity of the shoulders and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys, reading and passion glasses.
So at home they desperate a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular month.
If you take a place and you're errored with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travels?
They take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, license license, password, send it by mail to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, your brain releases cortex.
The cortex is toxic and underwear the thinking.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we're not at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or one being loved to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is written as a project for all of medical decisions, and actually for financial decision and social decisions and any kind of decision that you have to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high."
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attacks, brain shoot.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the color, a state."
And maybe you've heard of the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today. You even probably know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, remember the state."
But there is a question that you should do then, a statistic that you should be asking for most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NGO, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NGO?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or make a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistician is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the food of the doctor, and if it's somebody else's fault -- it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of The Stewarts that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recovered season, which thinks it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the cynical researchers I became Green and Paul Harvard, confirmed independently by Blogging.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, show brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my colonies.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a statistics, and it is, "Hello of high school effects. Right?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- delicious pain pain and articulate pain, paralyzed pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress they don't think clearly.
So think about how this is doing this over time, so you don't have to make the feedback chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped it, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out for the drug that you will help you.
I don't say they should be able to take the state.
I just say that you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the crash value of the crash, but actually this number needed to treat is pretty typical.
For the surgery that is done in the most 50 men in 50 percent, extraction of cancer prostate -- the number needed to treat is 49.
That's how it is, 49 surgeries per person who has helped to.
And side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impossibility or eropy dysfunction -- increasingly, regional capital, fishing income.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only last year or two.
So the idea of the predator is to think about the question of time the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that you talk about and think about now, with your family and your loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortex under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if your body is spending the metabolism on those things, it doesn't react to fast. You could get the lunch lunch in those things, so nothing of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking -- like Danny Kalinia and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail from time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
I rebel the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a clock of combination next to the door, with a keys of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered for, and lots of messages I have not read.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pita, "Pier is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing solaring.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a piece of picture in the wall, you need to play more substantially.
Two dollar, even more.
Four dollar, extremely smooth four.
This is my drawing of a PC. You see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of dollars may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American signs, the ATM, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as ALS.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that the sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really are in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, consumption, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to the sound.
People are like my sandwich and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't store the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the potato paper."
"Don't scale, and when you're eating it, I don't want to open the covers on the dish.
All of this is called sound store."
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm super virtual of sound.
And I'm always waiting with soldiers the sound, where it's going to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for decades.
TBC, to continue.
TBP, to announce it.
You can see that the glue has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through subtle boards and managers.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "Philarding in the ASA.
A typical picture has five lines.
But for me, to do the age with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was audience.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it tactile or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and give it to it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was air, it was some of the head person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could well melt me and my artistic work, or I could empower me.
I chose to make it emerged.
There's a massive culture around the language of spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same way and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, work with many different interconnected AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to continue this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forget and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and the ASA.
For example, a musical note you can't capture and express in paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ASD.
The two are very spaces and highly modern that means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning as much of the signals like the sounds.
I'd like to share a piano metaphor, so they understand better how ATM.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATz is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different paradigm for every finger while you touch the piano, as the facial expression, the movement of your body, the speed, the form of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put only one cell at once.
However, the ALS is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in ASC.
If only one key would change the chord -- create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone and the top and volume.
In ATM, using these different graphic parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal "because of that."
This is the signal "blood in that."
I'm watching you.
You can look at it.
Oh, I was angry.
Oh oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty much.
So I started thinking, and if I see the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a signal and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of Day," the sun comes out and gets up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can say about all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "Narcist," "One on the night  "It's all night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time in ASHM and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand, two years -- it's two hands, the present is done closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
And then, it happened: "Computer "Arova" and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time of the time, "There's one time."
Common time is a musical term with a specific pace of four times per company.
However, when I see the word "most complete -- I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MR: Right, right, left hand.
We have the glue through the head and the chest.
"Maker," M.D. farm -- "The Mood "The Child: Mine, float grass. I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "grave garage.
Can you do it with me?
All with the hands in the top.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the chest, something like common time, or "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "Love in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Collider in the ASA.
Now, the third one. Please take me again.
And again.
It's "Life in the Atlantic.
Let's do the three together.
"Love, "Collective and "Living."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the A.I. is alive and proposed, just like music is alive.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And only because the A.I. has no sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We need to start questioning what social value defines and allowing the A.I. to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Ashay, you don't have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a rich testimony, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dean Karahaji: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can use everything, but then you have to clean it."
freedom.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a business bubble or a ignorance bubble to say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults are also scared and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait so much for my students to walk around the beach with lots of garbage.
So as a good citizen, we cleaned up the beach, and no, it's not dramatically drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it to you.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a sophisticated thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big worms and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study under the microscope, and we classify them and we collected this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages six to 15 years, we dream of inventing a better way.
We have transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this massive water mission so that very small kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastics.
We collect plastic and reduce it as we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragile.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces, we will only collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
Then we created quickly what we call "a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform landscapes and web cameras in access and put it into a floating robot, which is slowly moving through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approach to the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website for inventors called "Informative with the hope that someone best even further.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and published, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students at Hong Kong are very well informed kids.
You see the news, they get the Internet, and they stumbled with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, just using the hands, in Southern, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water in which you bang, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We build a first prototype of a spectrum that can light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to actually help other children.
"I can investigate a problem at a distance, and I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they set up several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami, they destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives you the nuclear power plant of Furbying, a nuclear central center near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has control rates by 175.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Furbying radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it is safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Furbying every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported to the control center, here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously. But they did that because they're going to have to live with radiation all their lives.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the gut, etc.
And to do this, we created a radical map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced penguins.
So we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the robot system and demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an absolute estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear core to date.
We approached us up to 1.5 miles of nuclear central, and with the help of the array of the area, we were collecting sediments of the marine milk with a service of sediment as we invented and built.
So here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small therefore we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turn it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: "performance? Accelerator."
Stripp Harrish: We asked questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles.
plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators -- we need to prepare the next generation to be worried about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin caps, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk stone.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposing about the environment, the other creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the brand in Brazil, he saw a figure that was fighting to be free.
The circumstance was unique Michael Angeles.
But living beings are not circumerated.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we have all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by range of manufacturing and production in mass.
The mountain lines have dictated a world made of parts, by engaging the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as a report of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find motor material playing in nature.
Think of human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with painful portraits.
The skin skin is more thick with little poor.
You act mainly as a filter, the other main as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts, no shows.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work today between the circumstance and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the reporting and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, in its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, getting away from the reporting and rising growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live at a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they make four disciplines that offer access to designers that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales of scale, very scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a very far day that some day is not very distant to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanometers made of genetically modified microscopic microscopes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the beauty, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a fashion fashion from Paris with Eris van Harvard. It's like a second skin made from one piece, raised in the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing 3D printing, we printed this layer and missing 3D without corals between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a Churchill scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, allows it to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also support sound.
Professor Carter Professor, my collaborator -- we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes supercomputer.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in fragility, access and color, coordinating the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, varies its functionality not by adding another material or another playing, but variably varied and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Are there no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she says, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit charge from fruit."
For that first frugal tree, there would be no difference between transportation, branches and leaves and frustrated.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made it grow trees with branches with branches, cortex, tails and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would the design be if objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit frame with fruit and we find it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called taking, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crashes, schools and butterflies and butterflies ...
We thought that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multicultural structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market.  We asked a lot of shrimp husks -- we movie them and we produced battlefield.
varied chemical concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures at scale, a system is built with multiple bonds of extractioning controlled extractionist.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single 1.5 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural shape in the contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a subject of printing process used to contain physical microorganisms, which appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture the atmosphere of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a shop problem, and if you zoom even more, to windows.
It's a fruit charge charged by fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp carries in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for observations designed for biologically, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computers computer and additionally engineered and biological shape.
I like to think about synthetic biology as the liquid connection, just that instead of transforming precious metals -- new biological functions in very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms.
The first is the city.
It lives in our oceans and in fresh water.
And the second one, E. Colo, the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine.
It turns the light into sugar, the other consuming sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microorganisms, they don't interact on nature.
In fact, they never meet.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that adverses to the digestive tract that will help them flow these bacteria and to alter their function of path.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, varied the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photographers, we designed more transparent channels.
This portable digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, about 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our blue intestine too.
And here it is, as primitive at TED, our first portrait photographer, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shahlan said, "We are camera past creatures, only half is done.
What if design provides the other half half?
What if we could create structures that increase life living?
What if we could create personal microbes that would write our skin, repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies associated.
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. I add with software.
This worm of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home in which it was metabolized.
The non-ingesting manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combination by not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations of it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets lost in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to hurt a copy of compression.
tension and compassion, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we pasted a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the bone.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm of the silk worm architecture.
However, by putting the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it hates a flat, and still metabolizing sanitation.
So we started designing different environments, different anatomics, and we've discovered that the form, the composition -- the structure of the chocolate, is transmitted directly by the environment.
Often you send silk worms to death within your chapters, your silk gets rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that by designing these plants, we could shape the crude silk without boiling one chapter.
They were meaningfully metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot doing silk standards, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrate into more dark and cold areas so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the surgeons.
We asked 5,000 silk worms to a silk farm farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to hurt with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding -- and as they hypothesized, they confidence, they were approaching, they put eggs and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and it was right.
At the height of biological silk on the robotic silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms are 2,000 miles away.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The polls, after the ecosystem, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A state state through a robotic arm, the other flight filled with it.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back to the beginning.
This is a new age of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we have to deal with nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you ever asked them, "What do you want to be more of?
If you had to remember what age they had when they were asked for the first time this?
You can do it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more of more?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be from majority?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the killing and art and developed websites, and I also played the guitar in a paradigm named Telecome Fruddiculous.
You may have heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of uncertainty, this feeling of aughor, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, which is totally different, and I dive on it, and I let myself absorb and feel "I "know." I've found my mind: and then again this point where I start to get bored and then again.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and get back to me.
Another reason that I made so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried there would be something wrong with this, and something wrong with me for not defining anything.
I worried to be afraid of engagement, or to be fired or an advertising or to my own success.
If you can relate to my story, and these feelings -- I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to ask you with then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We say, "What do you want to be from majority?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matters what you answer at that age.
It considers an naive question to bring cute answers in children like, being anti-sector, or be a dancer, or "I want to be paradigm."
They insert the Happiness of Hall here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and a sea students are asked to be asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more of?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes away from.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream of what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream of everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though you get well interested in you and say, "Oh, how cute, but you can't be an art of violent and psychology.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chinese  and he's a violence and psychological artist.
And this Amy Niger, magazine editor converted into illustration, entrepreneurs and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very invading in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real voice, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And I feel like there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multimally.
A multi-partner is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a board for like that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms of terms that concentrate the same idea, as a scholar recording, recovery.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was very well served in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sharwar refers to us as "Freedom."
They use any term they like or invent one themselves.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multimiling as a limitation or a activity that you have to win.
But what I've learned talking with people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when they are this way.
Here are three multi-particular supermassives.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
She was showing Horan Binary and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in cardiologist, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when he founded Mechan.
Mechan is a company that creates germant inspired girls.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mixture mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
So the new ideas.
And the multimillions, with all their antique, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the multiplees are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be beginning, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
North Kong is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a piano child perfect an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known now.
Before becoming a writer, Norway was financial planner.
He had to learn the ultimate sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launches for editors to have conversations.
It rarely is a waste of time to decide what you get to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. That is, the ability to transform into anything that you need in a given situation.
Abed Colora is sometimes director of videos, other websites, sometimes consumers of Kingdom, sometimes conferences, and sometimes it looks like James Bonobo.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The Facebook magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impressive that they are the individuals and organizations that can be prevented to satisfy the needs of market, the ones that really thrive.
So synthesis of ideas, quickly learning and adaptability, three skills where the multiplees are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the multiplees to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multimallisms right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing since they wanted to be pediatric neurosciences.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a multi-partner malaria.
The specialists can dive deep and put into ideas, and the crowd offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will be shaming the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multiplees are largely encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I hope it is this: reward with the inner wiring -- whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then you're going to spread through all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the multiplees in the room, including those who have just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, recover with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those control markers.
They explore the intersections.
And embracing our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multimillion, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named Australia took it to a psychiatric in France.
It was to display and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alices.
Alpha didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying for her until he passed up in 1900.
After his death, Alice did a authority and found strange plates and obsesses in the Australia brain, from a guy who had never seen before.
The most surprising.
If you could have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help that Alice gave him 114 years ago.
Alice was Dr. Alice Alzheimer's.
And Austin Depression, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991 medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, stations for cardiac and much more.
But it's recently been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, to affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their hands of years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or to be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is a five-year increase in the year 2050, as the generation of the baby bombers.
They may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Now, one of the top 10 death causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's the only one you can't prevent or cure or even slow your development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's cancer despite the fact that it costs us more than Alzheimer's and causes a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, "The Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114th years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you just look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient from Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to demonstrating a loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's, found plates and strange objects in the brain of Australia a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the role that are plate.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form large plates and objects.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this disconnect works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like developing a bomb.
Court a wire could do anything.
Compared others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemists and physicists and engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms of it.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paying each other inside them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms on a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of waiting -- there is real hope for what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that it grows that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's and we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to convince Alzheimer's a disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have looked at more research and exercise about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislators and legislation.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved ones day and night, are often too disturbing to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help me talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love from somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to get 36 more and more personal questions, and then they both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just alone?
As it gets forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it. Tell your partner what you get from him or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had been married six months later, and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but from then, I was also interrupted.
And when I had the time to test this study, someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell down, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the American Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's all about August, so I guess some of you probably ask, follow together?
And the reason I think this is because I've been asking this question again and again over the last seven months.
And this is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog.
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably make a few thousand views.
And that took a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it went, I had no idea.
The paper was released online, at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already been called the Tomo Show and the Google Monterey America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to encourage trust by writing with support on its own loving experience, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of a has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they were always asking the same question: Are they still following together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email with the phrase, "You still follow together?
Several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and corrections like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your neighborhood" is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable wondering about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Island, which included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse before all of this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both made a public appearance together.
It was recorded by television interviews, and you repeat the photos of the photos of us.
I think I was afraid to become the internal icons of the engineering process, a range that I didn't feel at the absolute storage.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really works -- or it is, if it was able to produce losing love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question that I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, above all, people would ask the wrong question.
How would we know if we would follow together or not, and do you get it?
If the answer was no, do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I sought to encourage international approach between college students, using what Aron called sustainable personal openness, progressive and receiver.
It sounds romantic sound right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing it. Several subsequent studies also used the Professor Friendly Friendly protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between the police and the community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology people.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, that combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me at time, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed deliberately deliberately about it.
And I said, "Do you mean that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause for him.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did you become better friends.
Do you feel that you could get better to try to test the study?
The state.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which was virtually all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and he had no idea how or if she could live without it.
So I flew into science.
I investigated everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow be saving the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was bored with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand to me.
What I'm looking for love is a guarantee -- not only being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that I'm going to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we fall to make us feel wonderful, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would argue that we ask questions more difficult, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distinguish?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably takes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone to love.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it is this one, a year ago, a well-known and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love ourselves, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But fall is not the same thing to stay in.
Umar is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I get a little bit excited about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be aware of.
Not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before, if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and nice and fun and expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship to the kind of myth I don't really believe it.
And what I look for, and what maybe spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final implicit happy in the title of my item, which is at the purpose -- the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lines in full mountain and in a way, as a forest of the forest.
--  -- something that really affected me, but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box and put a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species is exchanging ideas, for example, how we eat the speeds.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you because I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
In a given moment I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make surface and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I would rip up all the pages and I made a kind of standard cells to the Alian Martin style -- the resident covered and a bee was struggled.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to go up in size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying lime.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow transportation, draw the same as a cave in the scene of the crime.
And I took the objects and created my own sampling of species invented.
First of all, bottles, which will be able to make an idea.
And then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, to go to Silcy.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested at the human form of human size, natural size schools with human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then on another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the line.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big, I call the train."
For the traffic inspired me in the garden of "Dismantic Beath Delights that is a painting at the Museum of Prade in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the traitor: I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are heading into the show, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god attached to a horse.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horrable -- the oil platform of the demand -- Wallow, the record of Osama bin Laden, there are all sorts of rare things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of working.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in a hand while the other hand is coming up.
Their hands are like balances and it looks like a military that keeps Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's one aspect of the trait."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand you spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird of bird, and you spit clouds out of this train.
It also has a $50 meter line that unites the trait."
Anyway, his tail is going to fire when they put on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden colony balloon made from the 1986 terrorist cards.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very addicted to your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one called prosthetics."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material being encyclopedia, dictionary or magazines are encryption.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they together, they divide themselves.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each is basically a microscope portrait that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can get into the entry.
I'll give you the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not, or whatever it does, a kind of an individual thing.
This is a quick line of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills that go out and enter the head of this strange state.
There is a little forest scene inside the theoretical calamity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pierre Worlds.
Inside this box is a physicist -- a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a writer, a market, a radio, a radio, a museum, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We keep the box and all the people in the middle with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of the countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with dark and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you drive your head?
They take an astronomy.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicating system so that any drug adds effect in the body.
The disadvantage -- however, is that any drug is displaced.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the number of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of Chicago.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, in their negative majority -- because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they display, and worse still for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, at the HIV department.
These are regions of the body like the lymph genders, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is intensely and it doesn't easily come into the blood tower of patients who serve the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for the oral life.
One day, I sat and I thought, "Can we get the treatment directly to the virgin department, without the risk of distribution of drugs?
As a laser scientific expert, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you're used in polarization, for the care of wounds and diabetes, they can be used for anything impossible, including the extracellular transportation of medicine.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes that open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
You can say, "How is that possible?
We sent a small and powerful laser ray on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before I even realized, the hole is impressed immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incentive in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head -- an injection that distributes drugs, releases it directly in the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all R&D researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying small armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, instruments or military.
It documents what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these general agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, non-profit.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because the war has changed.
It used to be a shot between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors.
For example, of the 216 acres of peace signed between 1975, and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict process.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but no one analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and political streams are related to them.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to melt them, without global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Haiti Liberian known for its violent facility against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Haiti has also established a political game, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine, known for their suicide attacks against Israel, also administered the Gaza Francisco since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multipleer.
They set up a complex machine of communication, radio stations, TV channels and Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Islamist magazine here, print in English and published to recruit it.
The armed groups also invest in a complex record of funds without leaves, but by remarkable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put in professional training programs or microorganisms.
Hello offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide and security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan Afghanistan or even the beginning of the Islam promotion, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an inspiring price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 Palestinian can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by the government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, we can be able to channel them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Haiti?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regular group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is Israelished is?
The lines were drawing.
We live in a world of states with no state and hybrid nations, and the more weak states are the states, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in non-violent tools.
That government vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and use peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these targets we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a failure as a female and a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very, very severe, but I fear that accepting the first feature tag would be unfair for feminism.
I'm a feminist but quite bad.
And therefore I get a bad feminist out of it.
Or, at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Ball" "shop and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Malaidan Female.
So what started as a personal joke that started myself and a deliberate provider, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas on the feminist -- these furry women, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they insisted that it could be female.
Being labeled as a feminist was a proposition, a word taboo and wishence.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud of being proud of it.
For me, certain claims are irregular, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same story for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of disgust or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, with no need for legislative control or evolutionary documents.
We have the right to respect.
There is more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexual condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of incentives, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist from me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I listen to rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply disturbed by the classic Salman Shakespeare," of the yin yang Twitters is amazing.
"Make it reality with your short shirt.
Permit, day, move until it hurts.
Think about it.
Perfect poetry, right?
I'm completely marked by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the cheese collection and the care of marketing and marketing manipulation.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and good things.
I can see "The Balchian and the Romantic comedy and I have absorbed fantasies of the fairy fairy fairy stories.
Some of my crime is more disasterd.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge his husband.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accepted that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same election, the problem is that our society is built in ways that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
We solve this problem.
He rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or delivered historically the needs of color women, workers and homosexual and transgender -- to favor of white women, helium, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist here.
The next thing is this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put displaced feminist on a predator.
We hope that they will support perfection.
When we get worse, we would cut them up with a lot of taste from the same pedal where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I think that permanent about that pedal before you try to get there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female female for fear to what that tag means, for fear of not being able to meet the really realistic expectations.
Take Bellows, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the Vietnam Music Againstes of 2014, in McCalester, it acts in front of the word "Female of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this pop star opening up the feminism and making the women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Over time, cultural critics started intensive debate if Bell was or not exactly feminist designer.
They captured their feminism instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfections of the feminist because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much continuously a lot.
We go far beyond the sensitive and constructive critic to design the feminism of any woman, to break it up until there's nothing.
We don't need to do that.
The evil female, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We have to be able to recognize our imperfections.
If I listen to degraded music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change affecting their profits.
It's certainly difficult.
Why does it have your music to be so painful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justified, it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my severe, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant girls, and also very brave -- I want you to grow in a world.
They're being appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, suddenly, the best option is visualized as something easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as a sport -- the Google play.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than a decorative object.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as baskets of bone.
In any case, the men, especially white men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a enough number of women, so much to participate like making decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supermassing but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers of the decision.
Because we are not a little bit of performance, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements will mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to reach the top, to people in the direct power and producers of movie and music producers and census, CEOs, the legislators -- people who can make great decisions, more courageous to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism and our feminism -- well, bad, or any neighborhood.
The last line of my book, "Many Female Federal, says, "I would rather be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, above all, because I have my voice been stolen to me and the feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to deal with what happened.
A few kids folded me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that, I went back to writing.
I remember in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little bit brave -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the fact that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the hard reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need such a value.
Just after Christmas last year, 130 children in California had measles to have visited Disneys or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Congress.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something enough even worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that sparked the politics on autism and democratized vaccines, discussed and marked by being a fraud delivered by the British Medical Journal Francisco.
Do you don't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a statement?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the statistics of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about her creating their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed only three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started to shoot up.
For fund recognition organizations like autism Saturnian refer to autism as an epidemic -- as if I could tell you from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like the big diagnostic biomedical biologists and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in her two year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand -- why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and capital of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the hospital Johns Hopkins -- in 1943, Kennedy published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds -- denies people around their own, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours holding their hands out of their faces, but they were prisoners of the panic for mentors like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the topic, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome as he collected reference of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not extracting, because Kanting criteria for autism diagnosis were very resilient.
So for example, I would give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
And once he was born that he had turned nine in 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not cereal.
It classify autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold and decentralized parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully on a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records -- he correctly said, "Beekeel."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, by adding things like children were simply recording what they had heard their parents for their own, desperate to win their approval for it.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that the researchers started testing the DNA theory that autism was weird.
London Window, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the New York News mother's theory was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm people and affective, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like South without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Google decided to do something that should have been done 30 years earlier.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They were penetrated by London called Cambridge to try and find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw was that the DNA model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were confronted in their fascination for astronomically, in dinosaurs or in the reality of the reality.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in beautiful boxes and two, as Judi said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the DNA monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How no one had been perceived from these children before?
But then Lebanon found a reference to an article published in 1962, the next year to the article of Kanzi, and then she forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but avoided scaled to lie in his own work.
There was no even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Appropria, who led an integrated clinic with an integrated school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Asperger's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were enough for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with musicians with music, and children follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and additional spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of methods of education that were especially appropriate for them.
Fundamentally, Appropriation saw autism as a diverse continuum that took a surprising variety of dozens and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been -- watching aspects of this continuum in anti-sector architects as the awkward social scientist and the distributed professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a pizza of autism is essential.
Lord and Judai discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was incredibly, so the parents were the capitalists.
Over the next few years, they worked with the American Association of psychiatry to extend the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autism spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes were in virus, sustaining the limitation model of Kanzi by one wide and even Asperger's model.
These changes did not come up in broken shot.
Called London, when London and Judi worked between the batteries to reform these crimes, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Ray Man in 1988, just a small circle, encountered by experts knew what the autism was, but after the inexhaustible act of Dusty Honor like Ray Babbage and the recognition of Ratan Man with four prizes of Academy -- pedestrians, psychologists and teachers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
You shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for your son.
Rat Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics started to take up, just like London and Judyna, actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that were deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and sexual history as bad as the DNA theory that autism was incredibly.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- by doing the term "credible to celebrate the varieties of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily different, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Appropria, which creates that the cure for the most inclusive aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Copenhagen Zapands once said, "We need all the hands in cover to expand the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
